April 20 2019

6:12 AM

Ok so I just woke up and Im listening to the B side of Abbey Road: Here comes the Sun King! Also it’s 420! Im not so sure what I want to do to be honest. Yesterday when I kicked it with Chris and Casey it was a pretty bad time to be honest. We went around the Haight and smoked with Jerry in the wind. (I am not so fond of the new mural but I hope it will grow on me) then hit it at 420 on the corner of Ashberry while the hippies were listening to “Dancin in the Streets” from like 1970 or earlier. Cool scene for a moment but then the music stopped and the guy tried to sell me his little mongoose bike. Man I wish it had been a better ride I actually woulda copped it but oh well. So anyways we went down to Civic Center, Polk Street, and Chinatown. It was honestly an exercise in wasting time and now my throat is sore from smoking and my mind is tired from staying up so late. Didnt eat dinner really (oatmeal at 8?) and definitely didnt do anything productive for myself lol
	I have been thinking a lot lately about picking the guitar back up. Mostly fueled by the new Beatles albums I just torrented this week. Damn I have to admit these guys are fucking artists. Sgt Peppers and Abbey road in particular they are just amazing. I dont really think I could actualy do anything like them but its still inspirational and I know I can play some chords and lead stuff but IDK all I ever done was jam on the streets and record some live shit in the garage at 180 3rd Ave. Chris is right that I should be more focused on making money but it seems like so much work. I disagree with him in that I believe doing the absolute minimum and expecting to make it big is stupid. Selling T-shirts is fine but he doesnt even want to create a design let along a website. ASMR is a solid niche but I have never watched one of their videos and have pretty much NO interest in the subject, however it is a legitimate sub-section of internet culture and I’m sure people would be down to rock a T-shirt about it. Perhaps if I come up with 2-5 t-shirt designs we can just start printing them off. That would be a good move to be honest.
