

Friday May 29th - 0655

WooHoo! I am leaning against a pillow facing perpendicular on the bed, listening to Machine Gun 1/1/70 and I just pushed Day at School Beta version onto my website. It only took me about a month but I fucking finished it!

Now don't get me wrong, it was mostly an exercise in repetition and reinforced the bad habits I made when I first started designing it weeks ago BUT it fucking works! It feels so good to be finished with a project of this scale. Like all those nights I spent sitting here pressing Control+E on Gimp and fleshing out gameplay on toilet paper actually payed off. Having it uploaded means that I could spill a bottle of water (or worse a can of tuna) on my laptop, fry the motherboard and STILL not loose any of my work. Feels good man.

So officially it's in Beta because I can't be sure that there are no game breaking errors (there probably are...also I never condensed the double clicks in the drawing part of the game OR the pledge thing so those two things need to be patched before I consider it water under the bridge) but it is entirely playable. All three of the mini games work and the loop completes through to the credits of all of the options I tried. (I found a bug on nearly every path I went down though so it's likely more exist but I just feel like being done with it for now so that's exactly what I am going to do)

Now that the only programming project I had been working on all month is completed what's next? Good question...I don't know to be honest. I'm worried this will be like when I finished the python version I didn't know what to do and ended up stalling out on Django web development. That was years ago in the Chestnut Peete's coffee where to tell you the truth my mind was more occupied by Scarlet, weed, and Chris' bullshit to actually care about a website. Now look at me! Blog? Check. Contact information? Check. Mother fucking homebrew videogame? Check! I've honestly come a long way in the last two years (mostly in the last two months) and I'm low key proud of what I've done no matter how jimmyrigged and duct taped it may be (or how much it looks like some antique web artifact from 20 years ago)

I suppose I could work on the Python version of Day at School (the original was lost with my black macbook in Arcata) or I could improve the dead page on this site. It's missing a lot of what I envision for it. I want show suggestions (both pre-meditated and spontaneously generated) I want reviews, and links to download some of the tastier pieces. That should all be easy enough to do. So why don't I get on it? LOL I hope I can stay focused after finishing Day at School. Having a project set in stone like that does wonders for my productivity.

My work is finished for today at least. The next few hours I'll spend reading latin (trying to get through capitulum quintum) and winding down before bed around noon. It has been hot as fuck the last few days like over 30 and it's been pretty much unbearable between noon and nine. Thankfully that's when I sleep anyways but fuck if I'm not uncomfortable falling asleep or waking up. I really don't like the heat, that's why San Francisco was so amazing for me, at least one reason why it was so great. 

There are some gnarly riots going on in cities like Minneapolis, LA, and NY right now and I've just been smoking weed listening to the Grateful Dead. I hope society keeps on goin on and shit starts getting better cuz I only have enough food for like maybe a month more of this then I'll have to Beat it on Down the Line. If there's nothing to go back to I'll just be walking to my death as opposed to sitting to my death here in this room. I still have another eighth of that Blue Dream Shwag....I think I ought to save the last joint for Market Street though so really only 2 ish grams left....I hope everything is gonna be alright...


