	Monday, May 25th 0630

	Another night gone by, another sleepy day ahead.

	I really really miss the city. On Instagram I see the images of people chilling in Dolores, riding their bikes through the Panhandle, and eating Golden Boy Pizza. The life that I once had has not changed that much for many. With summer bearing down on the norther hemisphere and the temperatures on the bay approaching the mid 70s I yearn for the life I left to return. I wish I had not been so foolish, and so cowardly as to leave the promised land. There is nothing for me here, nothing at all. No prospects of work, or love, or fun, or even diversion. 
	All is loneliness here for me. Loneliness, stagnation, and a rotting, wasting lifestyle. I feel my strength wither and my legs buckle from the 30 minutes I spent standing in the bathroom to wash my boxers and my body. I have not been so weak since I was a child. I miss the days in Humboldt, before I left Buttermilk Lane, when I used to go to Healthsport. I could bench... a 25 and a 10 on each side? I think. I never got to the 45s on each side but if I had kept at it I would be there by now.
	Even if I were to return to the city, I'm not sure how I would survive. Money would not be the issue but securing a place to sleep without a shower would be problematic. Planet Fitness is still closed. Furthermore most of my cash is tied up in the bank. I cannot currently pay cash for a vehicle to sleep in as I have done in the past.
	I've lost contact with Casey, and my old landlady surely wants nothing to do with me even if she hadn't rented my old room out by now (which after 3 months I would find hard to believe.) There are no jobs, and I only have a few friends there...Casey would potentially help me out but I can't be sure. Relying on a man such as him is a recipe for disaster. I have that on good authority.
	Perhaps the nostalgia I feel for the city is really just an expression of discontent with my current situation. Perhaps SF is not the destination of my destiny, but some other land. Humboldt is like a paradise, but I have so many enemies there. Years later would D-Rob still want to kick my ass and would the asshats in the truck still throw eggs at me? Would Trevor even remember who I am? Will tried to text me last month and I just ignored him. Same thing with Fritz last week, and my brother yesterday.
	I have a sneaking suspicion that my father and his family have been afflicted by the Coronavirus. Grandma told me he was working at a nursing home and I saw in the local news that that particular nursing home had a nasty outbreak of the coronavirus. He would have been working in the kitchen, essentially. He's been a smoker for most of his life, and he and his girl are pretty overweight. Not a good combination. I wonder what will happen to their daughter. I wonder if I must inherit any of his debt. There are some things that are absolutely fucked about our society and the inheritance bullshit it numero uno in my opinion.
	Why the fuck should someone become wealthy because their father was? Why on the other hand must someone become burdened with debt simply because their father was? It is the antithesis of a meritocracy. This insane system of inheritance creates the modern money dynasty and perpetuates the cycles of poverty. Inheritance is the reason why Trump is a president instead of a gas station attendant. Inheritance is the reason why Joe will get a house in San Francisco and I will get to pay rent when I go back. The world ain't fair but that's the way it is.
	So in other news I have been practicing my latin and spanish on overtime the last week or so. Every morning as the sun comes up I'll watch an hour or so of Spanish language youtube. Mostly the news or El Chavo del Ocho which are not terribly informative programs but I think the immersion of ones thoughts into another language for extended periods of time every day is critical for language adoption. I know my thoughts have become easier and easier to transition into spanish/latin since beginning these exercises.
	In latin I have been reading Lingua Latina Per Se Illustrata and studying grammar in Wheelock's. The Dativus and Accustivus finally just clicked for me yesterday and hopefully one day I will be able to read the Aeneid. That has been my goal ever since the encyclopedia on the third floor of the San Francisco Public Library told me that was the way to knowledge. I place a lot of faith in the power of an encyclopedia. Legend tells that Jerry got the name "Grateful Dead" from an encyclopedia, or was it a dictionary. We tried the old dictionary trick in Jared's trailer once, but to no avail. That band, The Test Subjects, was never meant to be.

	The greatest story that no one who wasn't there will ever understand goes like this:

		We woke up slowly on a Saturday morning. Jared's room was damp and smelled like bong water and my head was heavy, and vision blurry, from the tequila bottle we had drank the night before. Kyle was already awake and had found some juice in the refrigerator to calm his hangover but by the time I woke up the greedy bastard had already drank it all. Paul, Jared, and Will began to come to and before we had time for breakfast (which in those days would have been toaster waffles with the cheap maple syrup) the conversation had already shifted to the trailer. "Safety Meeting?" Will asked in the classic tempo and register that only a junior in highschool can croon without sounding ironic. Everyone was interested, except for Kyle.
	 At this point Faron had woken up as well, I had almost forgotten about Faron but he was there (as a matter of fact I believe it was Faron who brought the bottle...and the weed!) and was urging us towards the trailer for a wake and bake. Nothing enhances the flavor of a Eggo waffle quite like half a dozen bong hits. We marched down the driveway, leaving Kyle behind who had barricaded himself inside the bathroom and we exchanged the sound of dry heaves for the beautiful soundscape of Humboldt in the morning.
	We found the trailer just as we had left it the night before, a mess. On our approach my memory drifted into the hazy night before. "Did I really eat those sausages that fell into the fire?" "Didn't Faron jump off the roof of the tailer?" "Oh shit! We left Paul's guitar out to endure the harsh night and adverse effects of the morning dew on it's naked and exposed wood finish" No one seemed to care about the risks or the clutter or the dysfunctional lighter we had tossed into the fire to see if it would explode (it did), they were mere casualties in our pursuit of juvenile good times. The best of times..  
	Inside the blanket that we had accidentally burned was lying on the floor, a half empty gallon jug of water was on the table with the cap missing and the empty bottle of Jose Quevero was still on the bed where Faron had finished it. Our attention turned immediately to the bong. Faron's weed Faron's bowl. He loaded a fatty of Blue Dream his stepdad grew and passed it to Jared. Will and I had a different idea. "Hey Faron can we roll a joint?" "Be my guest" he piped up as he handed us the jar. "We're gonna hot box the bathroom, wanna join?"
	The bathroom in the trailer was exceedingly small, and it did not work. We never used it, except this once, and it's a miracle we managed to cram three of us inside. Jared and Paul stayed outside to take bong hits while Faron sat on the throne and Will and I crowded before him and lit the joint. The cramped latrine quickly filled with the sweet smoke of Humboldt's finest and for one or two moments we were the happiest any teenage boy can be (minus the presence of a teenage girl that is)
	A commotion outside the trailer. First yelling, then Jared slamming the door and yelling back. Terry, Jared's hippie mother had discovered Kyle puking his guts out on her bathroom floor and wanted answers. "You left Kyle with me up at the house dying in my bathroom so you could come hide out down here in the trailer?" She sniffed the air. "AND GETTING STONED!?!" Will and I made eye contact. The seriousness of the situation could not overcome our high and we all immediately burst into laughter.
	There we were cramped together in a sweaty, smelly, smokey, and small trailer toilet, hot boxed and giggling with the intensity only a stoned 15 year old can muster meanwhile Jared was getting chewed out by his mom and Kyle was ostensibly making love to a toilet on the top of the hill back in the house praying for the food poisoning to end. The sound was terrific.
	We were made to come out of the bathroom and marched behind Terry back up to the house were we found a very sad Kyle and were denied the promise of our Eggo waffles. If we wanted breakfast we would need to head back into town. Kyle was the one who drove us up so naturally he would have to be the one to take us back down. "Are you good to drive?" "Probably, I just might have to pull over and puke a few times." We climbed into his black Nissan Pathfinder and he pulled over to puke: Once on Jared's driveway, a second time on Fieldbrook road beside the old general store, and a third time at the bottom of Fieldbrook Hill in McKinleyville. We got dropped off at Will's house and had to walk the rest of the way to McDonald's for our breakfast.
	The rest of our day was McGangbangs(McDouble + McChicken), bongrips, and Modern Warfare 2. Lucas came over and we tried to tell him the story but he just said "Ya well Jared's just a fucking hippie" He didn't understand. As the sun set our fellowship began to disperse first Faron, then Paul and finally Lucas went their ways and I crashed on Will's floor before going home Sunday morning.
	The best times in are never planned. They are never expected, or designed, and often they are unwanted, but there are times in life so purely entertaining, so perfectly hilarious and so unreproducible that they stay with you for years and years, decades and decades. There are times so amazing that they ought to be written down and preserved for centuries with the hope that someone reading could catch just a glimpse, just a hint of the marvelous alignment in personalities, circumstances and outcomes that precipitated, and followed the event. I understand you may not understand, I expect you don't find it half as funny as I do but perhaps you caught just the gleam, just an echo of the matter and some iota of the experience was passed to you. Perhaps the lingering vibrations from this sunny Saturday morning touched your soul so many leagues away measured in distance of time and space. Perhaps you found it funny, but unless you were there, huddled inside that hot boxed bathroom you probably will not feel the same way when I say "AND GETTING STONED!?!"


Will, Faron, Jared, Paul, Kyle I miss you guys and I feel sorry that we may never have smoking buddies as great as each other as long as we live. Those were truly the good old days....Oh to be a child again...
	
