

	Good evening friends, family, lost wanderers and intrepid adventurers. It is twenty minutes before midnight and I am coming to you live/dead from Kalamity.




	I am listening to to 3/18/77 Scarlet>Fire and the closer it gets the less from the present I stray. This song, Fire on the Mountain, is a cry for help. There is a Fire on the Mountain but you're playing cold musico on the barroom floor. Gotta get on, up out the door. There is a serious issue at hand and it's gonnna take a whole pail of water to cool it down.

Well, now that I've cleared that up onto myself. I'm sick, physically, mentally, spirituality, you name it. The spark of life and driving energy of evolution have strayed from my mind and I can feel my time on this earth almost slip from from under me. It need not be this way, nor has it been this way forever. I have become so nostalgic lately, it seems every moment in my life has been filled to the brim with novel and hilarious events. In the moment I never felt that way, I never appreciated that which I already had. All I could hope to gain, to win, or to conquer were never the objective. It's the laughs, the jokes, the fortuitous encounters with friends, foes, and unmovable mountains. It is the permanent impermanent. A story may be told a thousand years, that lasts but a minute in memory.


		- Attainable for he who Takes the Chance -

		The song ends here but I have more to say.
		The song reminds me of JK Alley,
		where long ago as if within a dream,
		I parked my bike and stopped to smoke a bowl.
		A girl walked by wearing a stealie patch
		The dead were playin live from Winterland
		24 years after Garcia died
		I thought that she would comment on the song
		but she just took a pic, and walked away.
		I like it there, tourist trap dipped in dirt,
		the nesting grounds of vice both East and West,
		a narrow path to somewhere in between,
		a central smoking spot to smoke low-key.
		Bout ten minutes from downtown, Market Street,
		a frisbee toss away from Chinatown,
		across the street from Big Al's titty bar,
		is where I was smoking a bowl for two.
		I didn't have to wait for very long.
		I saw the girl. Though she was quickly gone
		her energy existed in the air
		and bathed the shadow alley with her light.
		It was the finest it had ever been
		but the tide was surely rising.
		There are some evil forces now at work
		whose power even she could not subdue.
		Beauty for itself is not a virtue.
		Such talents are a mask of gentle will
		and serve more to deceive than re-assure.
		For who has felt betrayed more than a lover?
		Often drowning in lust we loose our sight,
		of all things that are precious would abstain, 
		and every living moment beg to trade
		for idle time spent in the arms of beauty.
		A shame that we should trust those who posses
		an arbitrary trait and not a skill.
		The beauty of the land declines to shade
		as Lachesis directs a colder wind
		black water flows beneath my rubber soul.
		The music warned that fire was at hand.
		Appearing with the sign for "City Lights"
		our friend the devil comes to smoke his pipe.
		We hit each other, soft, but you can feel it,
		inquire "what is up" and hit the bong.
		65 times before this kind of thing,
		to me at least, did not seem so surreal.
		This time, however, was not quite the same.
		He held in his right hand a noted weed,
		some indoor shit that claimed to be the best,
		bestowing me a dose unmatched in weeks.
		The coughing was no fun but in my mind
		I laughed in space, existing in no G.
		My right hand side began to levitate,
		the other side had to negotiate,
		and I had lost the sight of flames at hand.
		In space and time my mind was freely high
		my body was content and there I made
		a slight mistake which I do not regret.
		While visiting the seas of Ganymede
		I lost my sense of self and dropped the pipe.	
		It perished as the sound of the alley.
		I feared that I would be sentenced to hell
		but in my friend I found only a grin.
		"It's no big deal" and handed me the next.
		He liked the song, but no more than the rest.
		This life had worn on me to be a snore.
		When everything is done and all is peace
		the hungry eyes of God just close their lids.
		I failed appreciate the life I had
		so miserable I felt that it must change,
		so I did not follow the beast that day
		instead I headed south, another way.
		I heard him say "Okay I guess like bye"
		while I just bowed my head reciting prayer.
		I freed myself that day from part of him
		but evil is beyond the scope of time.
		What's happened once is happening again
		and soon will happen thus did it begin.
		I found myself standing at the station
		waiting for my Greyhound bus to arrive.
		It was mild inside. I took the pipe
		and left it in the dumpster 25
		I stayed awake all night and waited for
		the intercom to tell me "almost there."
		At 1400 hours was disturbed
		"Dude Chris just stole 10,000 bucks from me"
		"Dude WTF" I said "I cant believe,
		I mean I can but still like what the fuck?"
		And thus the spider did unweave his web
		and fled the city just as I had done
		leaving the place that nursed us back to health
		and drove us both insane in some respect.
		My charms have worked thus far to stay away
		but death is taunting me behind the door.
		Though banished far beyond the scope of space
		the evil reaching out to me across
		the limitless divide between our realms
		suggests that I go east, alone, on foot.
		Each day I feel my strength decline, and wane.
		Each night I lie awake afraid to dream.
		My mind, reclined in sloth and bathed in flame,
		begins to bargain for a risky move.
		The walkin dude was more than just a man
		but great renown is waiting, just in reach.


		- Attainable for he who takes the chance. -
		
				
		
		
		
				
