

	Wednesday May 27th 1216


	Oh happy day! It is a bit past noon, I have been up since 11 o'clock last night and I just found 6 grams of blue dream shake! I was cleaning the larger table (the one covered in trash... oh wait that's all of my tables) and collecting the cash I had strewn about (found over $30 on and around the table that I had just carelessly tossed and left there for months) when underneath a layer of ramen flavor packets and empty water bottles turned moldy spit cups I found it: The holy grail, the herba vitae, the package of shake joints I bought way back in February!

	The weed is awful, so awful as soon as I smoked the first joint I turned around and bought an eighth of real weed but that was then and this is now. Upon the discover I danced for joy in a shitty homage to Gollum recovering the ring on the precipice of Mt. Doom. I may have cried both tears and vocally from the absolute ecstasy that rushed through my body. I haven't had a damned thing to smoke in weeks! I contemplated smoking a joint right then and there but I had to remind myself: This is still a quarantine, this must be rationed (ideally I would smoke my last one on Market Street but that dream is becoming weaker by the day) and so I filled my bowl with care and held the hit in for a good long time...

	I ended up smoking the whole gram and playing Pokemon Emerald. I have since realised that marijuana is good for relaxing, and it's a wonderful plant but it really does not lend itself well to concentration or focus or any of the other attributes which one needs when trying to create computer programs and learn Latin. Still I feel high (on top of the world)

	I have read the first 20 chapters of Genesis in Latina, Espanol, and English and I gotta say there is some fucked up shit in there. Right off the top of my head is when Noah (Noe in the latin tongues) curses his son who saw him naked. Like bro you were the one who stripped down to the nude after a few shots (of wine!) and it's not like he knew you were in there playing with yourself or whatever SMH... Even worse is mother fucking Lot though.

	 So Lot sees these angels and is a cool dude offers to let them chill at his house and let them wash their feet in his tub right but the townspeople get all suspicious of the angels and come out and start a mob outside his house going "Hey bring those dudes out here so we can 'get to knows em eh' and Lot in return says "Nah leave them alone here take my virgin daughters instead" like dude what the fuck! So anyways the Angels see the townspeople being sinners before the Lord so they decide they're gonna burn the whole place to the ground (just like the JGB song Gomorrah!) and tells Lot to get his family and GTFO while they can. Lot walks out the city and God says "Don't turn around go to the Mountain" and Lot says "The mountain is hella far away can I just go chill in that other city" and God says sure and then Lot's wife turns around to look back at her home being destroyed and she gets turned into a statue of salt. Lot stays the night in the other city but then gets out cuz he's having bad vibes and takes his daughters to go live in a cave in mountain....In the cave shit is just unreal.

	So Lot's daughters are talking "Our husbands are gone and now Dad is hella old and pretty soon we wont have any men to work the fields for us" and the older sister legit says "Lets get Dad drunk and have sex with him so we can have kids and those kids can work the fields for us" and the little sisters is like "Hella!" so that's just what they do. The bible says they get Lot fucking plastered to the point where he doest remember shit but c'mon dude two nights in a row you fucked your daughters and then they get pregnant and there ain't no other dudes around? Is this like foreshadowing the whole miracle conception shit? Get real dude you incested the shit out of your daughters you pervy fuck.

	So I haven't read on to find out what happens next but the synopsis for chapter 21 mentions the binding of Issac so we all know where that story is headed...

	Good shit, Greatest Story Ever Told though? Pretty sure that's a dead song. 8/27/72 - 9/28/72 - 12/28/84
