	It is 0610 on the morning of Tuesday May 19th the 44 year anniversary of a great Dead show in Portland not far from where I am locked up. They played the meadows which I believe is a part of the expo center. I probably passed right by the venue when I took that sketchy train in Portland on my way up here. The yellow line if memory serves. I didn't pay, just hopped on the backdoor. A girl with green hair and a nose piercing looked at me sideways, a homebum who smelled like crack eyed my backpack. Good times.

	When I fled up here I didn't have any idea of what to do, just a intense felling of fear, of dread, and of a looming meeting with my maker which I had hoped to avoid. I understand death is inevitable, and in fact I believe it to be preferable to the alternative (being never ending life, I enjoy living very much thank you) but I had hoped to prolong my expiration by flying from the city. Ultimately this was a terrible decision. San Francisco was spared the brunt of the pandemic (so far) and my health is likely much worse as a result of being imprisoned than even COVID could have done to me. Things are at improving somewhat but also deteriorating at the same time.

	I have learned to cook rice in the microwave I have, which will extend my food supply for much longer but ultimately I will run out. To make matters worse my inability to go out on walks has destroyed my muscles and if I couldn't make the walk to Kelso 3 weeks ago there is no way I could do it now. I am in effect trapped, trapped at least until the regional public transportation returns. If my debit card still worked I could take an Uber straight to the airport...alas.

	Ignoring the expiration date on that damned card turned out to be my ultimate undoing. Thousands of dollars in my name but unusable. I have enough cash to get back to the city, but not enough to rent a room. A solution I can see would be hitching/walking/ridesharing to a train station, somehow exchanging my cash for a ticket (I understand they have gone cashless but I believe I could buy a VISA gift card in a SafeWay or Walmart with cast) riding back to the Bay Area, hopping BART and waiting on Broadway/Columbus and PRAYING that Casey shows up. Alternatively I would need a tent/sleeping roll and a spot in the Presidio. To make matters even worse worse planet fitness is shut down, no shower. And looking/smelling like a hobo makes it hard to secure a room for rent, especially during a pandemic.

	Could I get a job? Would that even matter? I have enough saved up to pay rent for the rest of the year in the city no problem. 2 years if Casey split with me. It's funny that the exact situation Chris stole to get out of I would kill to get into.

I am writing this immediately after finishing the blog portion of my website. I have included all of the complete writings I could find on my computer and may add more if I find more or I decide the Piss notes are worthy of inclusion. Maybe someday someone will read these, though none of them are very good, but most importantly this is the beginning of a possibly permanent record of my life which I will be able to parse later in life (if life goes on much longer) and therefore gleam invaluable data about my life. Too many notebooks have been lost. Too many stories, jokes, lessons, songs, and stoned musings have been destroyed by time and negligence. I hope to put a stop to it with this website.

 I'm watching 6/30/18 - my first show. It's not as good as I remember. Or maybe they're just not even close to as good as the Dead. Yeah that's probably it. In person it's fun to get into the vibe but after the fact we're spoiled by thousands of hours of Jerry Jams on demand.

If I had 3 wishes I would wish:
	
	1. End the damn pandemic
	2. Get me back to San Francisco
	3. A quarter pound of Blue Dream

And I could live as a king in the Presidio...
