
	Saturday, May 30th 0634

	I felt like I should take this time to discuss my opinion on the riots currently burning across the United States. This is a highly controversial, and even more delicately nuanced issue and so I apologize in advance if what I say offends you or is contradictory but please do understand that this issue (as with all others of this magnitude) is ultimately not a problem in math class. There are a variety of 'correct' answers and a variety of ways to reach these 'correct' conclusions.

	In opening the current state of the united states law enforcement is an insult to the virtues enshrined in our constitution. In this country you can be held for any amount of time for any number of reasons, with a gun put to your head and locked away for years, sometimes until you die, all on the 'suspicion' of an officer of this so called 'law.' Some of these laws which are the cause for a gun to the head include possession of marijuana, looking or acting 'suspiciously', because they 'got a phone call' and, most notably at this time, because you wrote a bad check. Gone are the rights which this country was founded on. The 4th amendment CLEARLY states that you are to be secure in you personal property from any searches or seizures by the government without a warrant ordered by a judge. As I discovered only a month ago this is all tossed out the window in the name of officer safety. I was walking down the street when I was stopped by the police. I asked if I was being detained they said yes so I sat down. I was forced to stand up my pockets emptied, my backpack searched and then I was locked inside their vehicle. An absolute disgrace to the virtues this country was founded on and a gross affront to my constitutional rights, and we let them do it.

	Every day across this once great nation the same story is played over and over again. If you are so lucky as to have never had a confrontation with the police end up this way first thank your God and then spend an evening watching Live PD and you'll quickly realize they don't give a rat's ass about the country, the constitution and certainly less of a fuck about you, the sovereign citizen, the free man or woman who was endowed by your creator with the inalienable right to freedom of speech, privacy, and property. The police can and will put a gun to your head and scream "DO not move!" If you comply with their commands "Lay down on the ground!" (Like a fucking DOG!) and the officer keeps his cool then you just might escape with your life. But not before they search and discover every little thing in your pockets. Not before they rip the interior of your car open on the suspicion there could be drugs inside. They will stop at nothing, door panel? Rip it apart. Your girlfriend's purse? Tear it apart. The spare tire in your trunk? Cut into it there could be drugs in there. So now after you have had your life threatened,  your 4th amendment rights trampled upon and destroyed next comes the punishment.

	 The Bill of Rights makes the promise that you, and I, and all great people of this land have the right to a fair and speedy trial before a jury of our peers and that we are to be exempt from any cruel and unusual punishment. So many trials are not only postponed for months at a time but many still never make it before a jury. It has become something of a tradition in this country that punishments should be decided between attorneys and that you are pressured to "just accept the plea deal" never getting the chance to speak before a jury of your peers as a result of the incentive "Just take 3 years or else the DA is gonna go for 7 in court" again an assault to our constitution and the American way of life. If incarcerated you will endure psychological torture and find yourself immersed within a reality where you are the lap dog and play thing of the psychopaths with the badges. If you misbehave, for example you should try to defend yourself from being assaulted by another inmate (who again is the victim of extreme psychological mistreatment and therefore cannot be acting in any rational capacity) all too often you will be locked inhumanely in a cage of isolation. Solitary confinement they call it. Torture would be another word. Not another soul so see, or to speak to. No sunlight. Nothing except a toilet, and the cold hard ground. Some solitary confinements last for weeks, other months. On at least a few occasions this has lasted for years on end. That is cruel and unusual by any measurement.

	These attacks on our liberty are a gross expression of the current power dynamic within these united states but I have to say that riots, and destruction of property, are not the path forward. All too often a noble cause with noble intent is brought from the path of success by the lure of evil and hatred. I will not say I hate the policeman, but I do have no sympathy for the police force. The problem is not one cop, or the next, but the system which has enabled these officers of the 'law' (Any law which is not just is no law of mine. Any law which claims the possession of drugs ought to be persecuted but the theft of billions by the banks and the eviction of single mothers is 'just business' is no law of mine.) to act as petty lords and with the impunity of a James Bond type 'license to kill' attitude. The enforcement of the 'law' is diseased in this country.

	Do I have a solution? No. But I can swear to you that violence can only beget more violence. Dr. King was successful in his pursuit of civil equality before the law in the 1960s because he pursued his goal through non violent action. Ghandi was able to liberate India from the British Empire because he pursued and achieved his goal through non violent action. Action is not passive so I am not asking us to do nothing but non-violence MUST be the avenue of our action against the corrupt state. I am not renouncing the idea of a revolution and I am absolutely not denouncing any protest. The men and women who stand face to face with the faceless cops, who wear their tactical armor and wield automatic weapons of war, are true heroes. The men and women who have flipped over cars, lit store fronts on fire, and stolen goods (even from the mega-corporations like Target) are not heroes. They are opportunists who would take advantage of any crisis to sow discord and enrich themselves. They must be denounced. Even the young people who have begun destroying the windows of the police cars (as much as I understand their frustration at being able to finally lash out at those bullies who have never had to fear their victims hitting back) are doing nothing to create a better world and their violence can only beget more violence.

	Something needs to change in this land. Everyone knows it. This need for change is the reason why Trump won. No one liked the way it was and ANYTHING that deviated from the norm seemed a good idea. This need for change will only grow and fester and like an itch that you still haven't scratched will only become more and more bothersome until finally something bursts and massive action is taken by one side or the other. This change comes with great and inherent risk as well. Any revolution is fraught with risk and I fear that if we were to have one the new world would be just the same if not worse that the way it is (or was? Has the old world already perished?)

	The American revolution is nearly unique in that the government created after the revolution was all in all an improvement from what they had before. A republic was created with a bill of rights to protect the people and separation of powers which has prevented any man from assuming kingship of this land even to this day. Not all revolutions are created equal. Many last only a generation, many more establish a form of government which is the same, if not worse than that which was before. The french revolution which began with such noble and liberal pursuits as "Liberte, Egalite, Fraternite" quickly degenerated into a bloody dictatorship under the committee of public safety, then an Empire under Napoleon, and then back into a monarchy. In Russia the Bolshevik revolution which promised to bring an end to the aristocracy and noble privileges of the past ended in famine, murder, and the suppression of human rights under a dictatorship. In China 1949, Germany 1933, and most recently in Egypt (a military dictator has ruled the country for 7 years since the Arab Spring of 2013 in that time he has been granted the right to rule Egypt for at least another decade and reserves the power to hold political opponents in jail without trial for as long as he sees fit) we see the same sad patterns played out over and over again. The egalitarian wishes of the people for a better life are seized and co-opted by the opportunistic forces of self serving autocrats. The end of one form of government necessitates the initiation of another, but it is rarely an improvement.

	"Meet the new boss, same as the old boss" - The Who, Wont Get Fooled Again

	Change must come, and I am not sure the people are ready to wait 5 months to change the president, and up to 6 years to change their senators. (Besides what the fuck even changes? Trump didn't change shit compared to Obama who didn't change shit compared to Bush! It's all just more of the fucking same and the same ain't cutting it!) People are impatient, and have short memories. All too quickly we find ourselves burning flags, taking bullets, and storming the Bastille crying "Give me liberty or give me death" only to find the people we were helping into the Bastille have taken the guns for themselves and turned them onto their former allies turned rivals, we the people. The current riots in the country may not be the end but make no mistake an end is in sight. Already the 250 years of our current government marks the longest uninterrupted republican government in all of history. Even the Roman Republic which endured for nearly 500 years would name a dictator from time to time, though until the days of Augustus this position was never transferred from one dictator to another. In short our government has proven something of a peculiarity.

	It would do a disservice to the Black and Brown people of this country to finish without mentioning the plight of minorities in this country. Although I do feel personally that one's race ought best be forgotten and instead one's actions be judged exclusively on the content of their character it is beyond question that minorities, and especially the black community, have experienced disproportionately the failures of our current power structure. At the hands of the police, college admissions, job interviews, and many countless other aspects of our modern life people are passed over, ignored, beaten, and killed for no fault of their own besides the color of their skin. Racism is an unfortunate American tradition much the same as the whitewashing of history or our infatuation with contraptions of murder, destruction, death. 
	
	We are a society obsessed with conquest, with battle, with selfishly taking what we want with no regard for the feelings of others. These obsessions are demonstrated by the police who proudly wear battle armor, display automatic firearms, and drive tanks on city streets as part of their job to 'protect and serve.' These obsessions are on parade when a masked man takes a hammer to a storefront window, or when a young man with a skateboard smashes a cop's window. When the cop runs him over and the police open fire on crowds of protestors these obsessions are all too visible. When everyone's first reaction to these events is to cry "RACE WAR!" our ugly heritage as warmongers, as slaves and slave owners, as killers, and thieves, and animals is on full display.

	Perhaps I was wrong in the beginning of this to say 'there are many right answers' instead there are no right answers, only many wrong answers.

	I am only a man, a young man, a weak man, a 'not quite white but certainly not black' man. I am nothing more than a man. I do not say these things to take away the opinions of any others, or to incite any to do what they do not feel is right in their hearts but please do what you must with dignity, with clear eyes, and a healthy understanding of what consequences your actions may bring about. I would ask of you:

	Do not attack any other person. They are you sisters and your brothers. 

	Do listen to each other's pain and do express your own grievances with the power structure.

	Do not make this an issue of black vs white. If you must frame it as something it was, is, and always will be: Rich vs poor - haves vs have nots - peasantry vs aristocracy. You know which you are.

	Do demand change. A change for the better. A change for freedom, liberty, equality, and fraternity.
	
	Do not ask for a revolution if you are not ready to accept the new government.

	Do take care of yourself and others. If you see a police officer trying to hurt someone, stop him.  If you see a police officer who has been hurt, help him.

	Do take everything I say with a grain of salt.





In closing I'd like to invite you to listen to the Beatles' Revolution and I'll leave you with a (paraphrased) quote from Jimi Hendrix -

"You know what's causin all the earthquakes is all the bad energy and if we wanna keep on living in California we've got to Get it Together." - April 26th 1969



Much love to anyone reading.


