

The morning of Monday, May 10th - 0750


Good morning, Good evening, and OK everything in between!

What's new? Not much, but enough. I finished my extended cut of The Grateful Dead Movie. I've finished the Rock Paper Scissors portion of A Day at School and I have continued to learn more about the command line/linux in general.

The Grateful Deam Movie was by far my biggest project since my last post. I spent almost two whole days on it. It as tedious, and drove me a little bit crazy but I fucking finished it. It's really not perfect, there are two glitches (both less than a second in length, but present) and the Ireland portion doesnt really flow with the rest of the film...but it was either that or Market Street footage (which I would have preffered but decided against it in hopes that someone else will one day appreciate the amount of work I put in.

The final cut (All the Clips Combine as I like to call it) is over 4 and a half hours long, which should be long enough to keep me glued to the computer and continue work on A Day at School. That project is still chugging along, albeit at a slower pace than this time last week.

I think I have decided on how the game ought to end. There will be many different endings keeping with the "Choose your own adventure" theme including getting your ass beat by your father, staring at a wall (or getting drunk, some kind of sad but humorous ending) and of course fucking Billy's mom. I have my reservations about the whole thing, I understand that my choice for input method will never come close to the freedom allowed by the Python terminal (Piglatin really cant be the same...or can it) but at this point I feel sort of like I did with the Grateful Dead Move: Lets just finish it, put in like a "Cs get Degrees" attitude and move on. Its all a learning experience anyways. I am not seriously trying to use either project on any kind of resume anyways. The best projects are projects which help me.

In this regard I have recently (as in an hour ago) adopted a new program to use in my media consumption: MPV its like a barebones VLC which DOESNT add a glitch between songs. So that was an easy transition and a no brainer. A side effect of this new program is I have finally just organized all my music into the musics directory so that my files are more easily accesible by the command line interface. It just werks.

I've got 5/8/77 on. I missed the anniversary two (three!) days ago but whats 3 days against 43 years anyways. Jerry is playing Row Jimmy, just about the best version of this song. Fuck I love it so much. Get out and row. I remember running a red on Market crossing Van Ness listening to this song a year ago. It feels like a different life now. I do hope to get back to the city some how. I've never felt so attached to a space before, not Humboldt even. Strange.

On Cornell, it may not be the "best" Grateful Dead show but there is no show better. It is certainly the best 'first full' show for anyone interested in the Dead. There is no low point in the entire concert.FUck I'm gonna cry. ROW JIMMY

WOW

Broken heart dont feel so bad. You aint go half of what you thought you had.

I love the Grateful Dead.

In other news I'm all out of weed. Well I've been out for many weeks but yesterday I killed the last of that wax shit I'd been chocking on for the last week or two. I still have enough food for at least 2 weeks, probably more like 4 and thats only the cans. I still havnt figured out the rice and beans situation. I probably never will. The microwave I have is on the fritz and I cant bring myself to leave the room to use the kitchen.

I feel like a failure and if it wasnt for everyone else feeling this way as well....well I'd be more depressed than I already am/was. Again it's funny how I never considered myself a very happy person before all this shit went down. If we go back to normal I will have to make a more concsious effort to remain happy. It's a choice and with my (our) current perspective it is clearly an easy choice to make.

I've been feelin nostalgic recently for people I knew in Arcata and not only the ones I wanted to fuck. Well mostly the one's I wanted to fuck but also my friends. What's Sean doing? Or Nick and Sandra? Are they still together? Are they still safe? Is Brik still with Kelsey? Does he still live with his Mom? Or Brandon, shit man his kid must be like 4 or 5 by now. What was his name...

All over the country people are itching to return to normal, and we will I'm sure, for a short while but I remain convinced that soon after many many more will die than already have. I regret my flight, I understand better now that I am not seperate from the community any more here than I was there. WE are an organism, a connected, living, breathing, communicating, and infected organism. When an event as global and with as much gravity as the COVID crap comes along it exposes the interconnectednes of humanity, and indeed the globe. It is unfortunate that as a leaf on the great tree of life I feel so attached to my own being when in the grand scheme of things it is the roots which count. Perhaps this is the lesson which AI will force us to realize. Perhaps it is a lesson learned too late and already the roots are diseased, the trunk has splintered, and my leaf already is tumbling, accelerating, towards the forest floor. The only reason to keep calm is "Well hey I'm still attached to the branch like I was yesterday, everything must still be OK" We will see (or not)


