
	Tuesday, June 30th 0024

	Well it's just after midnight, I've been up for about two hours, and I decided to write a little bit to take my mind off things. I'm listening to 9/12/85 Row Jimmy is on and this song always makes me a little bit emotional. "Broken heart don't feel so bad, ain't got half of what you though you had" and all of that. I've had three twisted pretzels and half a bottle of blue gatorade since waking up. I'm perpetually hungry and unfortunately there's never enough to eat. At least I have anything to eat in the first place.

	I've been going to the Chevron every few days (nights really I leave as the sun sets) and I buy pretzels, hot pockets / burritos and beer. I started drinking again because I don't have any weed and sobriety is honestly more painful than drunken stupidity. Every time I wake up I feel this horrible sense of pain, and dread, like, "This again?" It feels like a chore just to exist. Nothing brings me much pleasure, video games are contrived, youtube is boring, I have no one to talk to, playing the guitar hurts my hands, I'm a shitty programmer and even reading Latin just feels like a waste of time. 

	I'm down to less than $200 which should be enough to survive another few months (assuming the food supply lines remain intact which they seem rather fragile at the moment to be honest. Last few times I've gone to Chevron I've noticed the Hot Pockets haven't been restocked, they're out of old fashion donuts, and even the beers are starting to get picked over) but then what? I don't have anywhere to go or anyone to call on for help. Not to mention I can read the writing on the wall, shit is hitting the fan and we're all about to get sprayed.

	Part of me wants to go back to Humboldt. There's water there, and good climate, and weed, and food, and the people are generally tolerable (with exceptions for anyone who knows me of course. I've already polluted those waters) I suppose to be human is to shit where we sleep and then get drunk and ignore it. If not Humboldt, then where, and more importantly why? I know I'm doomed along with all of humanity and in all honesty death seems to be a relief at this point. I don't see the point in going on any more. I have nothing to offer society, I have nothing that I need to get done, no revenge or important news to pass on. I'm essentially as useless as the accessory people in the old folks homes and the special needs groups. 

	We are the plague, and we have no intention of stopping. We'll ride this car into the brick wall and even after crashing we'll leave our foot on the accelerator. 

	Just in some other news, Lossless Legs celebrated their 15th anniversary last week and released about a dozen heady shows including a recording from 1966! So that's cool to have. Cream Puff War is now in the collection. Mushroom told me his life story today before I wrote this. Homie went to San Quinten and got beat by his step dad. It's a sad story that ends with him sleeping in a bicycle trailer under a bridge in San Rafael. He's gone off on all that anti-BLM stuff. I agree with him, and I agree with the protestors but for different reasons. Both sides are pandering to opposite extremes and I find the experience dissociative, perhaps by design.

	I've been spending too much time on 4chan. That place is a huge waste of time, I rarely learn anything, and only scroll endlessly. It's just a less censored version of reddit or facebook. I honestly miss my job if for no other reason than it gave my life structure and provided a wonderful distraction from the daily aches and pains of life. It's entirely possible I will never attain such normalcy and comfort again as long as I live. That is the past, this is the present, and everything that remains is the future, the great unknown, the blank pages that must be filled whether with my words, or other's words, or no words at all. The world will keep spinning long after man has been erased, and the galaxy will continue spinning long after the sun itself has been extinguished. Then, in the far future, perhaps all of light will dissipate, the very fabric of the universe will fade out of existence and all of everything will remain in the endless nameless, eyeless, toothless, dreamless sleep of death.

	What am I doing? I have no plan of action and the bus still isn't running. If the bus were running I could at least go to a bank and get more cash for Chevron runs. Maybe that's the move. Just wait here, wallowing in my own filth until I die or my sanity rips itself apart. Absolute solitude is doing a number on my psyche. My dreams are a strange mishmash of hiding, fighting, sneaking, playing chess, and wandering around San Francisco. Then when I wake up it's just 4chan fights, shitposts, and giggles, Youtube nonsense, and the brief distractions of the Grateful Dead. If the bus were running again I would go get myself some weed and pizza to better ignore the monotonous beatings of my existence.

	What should I be doing? The stoic thing to do is to lift my chin and to act as noble as possible. The hedonistic thing to do is to distract my suffering with as much pleasure as I can find. The buddist thing to do is to ignore everything and embrace death. All of my acts feel ultimately futile. My poem was an exercise in self-indulgence for no one. My programming was a laughable attempt to stay relevant and even useful. My latin was a pathetic display of my lost claim to intelligence. Every time I eat I take food away from someone who could be doing something useful. I don't deserve it, so why do I have it? Producers vs consumers. I have to be one, but I could be both. Lacking any real skill is it not a waste of energy to produce useless words, sounds, lines, and laughs? 

	I remember that time Kimberly and I took bong hits at Mickey's house, she put on Cat's and it was the best fucking time. Even though I really didn't care much for the program she wanted to watch it and I just made fun of it until she turned it off. I wish I had been kinder to her, I wish I was able to forgive people in the heat of the moment. I especially wish I didn't ruin every single relationship I have ever had. My pride prevents me from apologizing to these people as well, at least the ones I really did any wrong to. I have acted out a letter to Chris where I apologize but I don't mean in, and in addition I never really did anything wrong to him (other than ditching him on Christmas) Mom said that pride made me like a Klingon but our pride is what separates us from the animals for better or for worse. My true spirit was on full display when I fled San Francisco in fear of the coronavirus and in my retreat I lost all my pride and therefore am no longer human.

	Fuck, this doesn't make me feel any better and I don't think anyone will learn anything from reading this. Maybe in the far future (assuming I and this website survive) I will look back on this and be able to learn something from my past but even that seems like some kind of delusion. What a sad joke this life has become. There seems to be no gods, no kings, no heroes, no poets, no love, no fun, no smiles, all monotonous dull pain and endless hunger, depression. Sleep is the only respite and it is all together too short. Death, I'm waiting for you. A sleep that finally won't feel so rushed.


