	Sat June 6th 0528

	Well It's been over a week since I last wrote a blog post so I felt an update was in order. Shit has not been so great this last week. I lost my mojo on Monday morning and almost had to cut and run because I left the fan on. Sigh...one time is all it takes. That's a good lesson to learn though, you can walk the tightrope perfect for 45 steps but if you take one bad step you will fall to your doom. Luckily there has been no doom here yet but I am still trying to recover my groove. I have not been reading as much Latin and I don't think I've even opened the Vulgate all week. Furthermore I have not done any work on my website since I finished Day at School and hell I haven't even been able to listen to as much Dead as I should like but all things considered it could always be worse.

	On Monday I was convinced I would have to flee. I made up a couple signs that read 'Kelso', 'Portland', and another that says only 'South' and packed my bag, my jeans and my bowl and nearly jumped out the window. I ultimately just fell asleep. I am pretty annoyed that I can't even find on Google if the transit system has come back up and running yet. If the bus is on I only have to walk about a mile and then I can get linked into the Greyhound network, otherwise it's a 15 mile walk and I'll probably have to hitch hike. I have abut $350 cash in my pants and $6,000 in the bank I could buy a car and live in that or rent a room but...I don't actually have any idea how to survive.

	 The showers are closed, the gyms are closed, the library is closed,  there sure ain't any tourists and the jobs are mostly all dried up. I saw Trump yesterday bragging about the job numbers but on Craigslist... I see Amazon warehouse, TL janitor, Beep's burgers actually looks like the jobs might actually be coming back...Shit! That's cool. There's rooms in North Beach for $900 Jesus Christ I wish I was back in the city. Except do I? There's crazy protests and riots going on I hear the tent city has taken over my favorite civic center and Covid is on the loose. Speaking of Covid that is easily my biggest problem with the protests. This is just gonna spread the disease like a wildfire and could even lead to another total lockdown.

	What's the deal with Covid-19 anyways? Was it worth it to shut the whole country down? I was so afraid of it I fled all the way up here, and now people seem to all be surviving it. Or are they? It's very confusing and I'm not sure anyone understands it. Mushroom supposedly got it last night. I hope he's OK. Looking at the map right now I see 109K deaths and 491K recoveries. That's 18% death rate. Seriously? WTF we're months into this by now those numbers should be somewhat accurate....That's insane. One in 5 people who get it die??? IS that real? That's almost unbelievable. Some people say its just the flu some people say it's much worse. Whats strange to me is how people are acting less and less worried about it as time goes on but as time goes on the data should be more representative of the full picture. In the beginning I understood the argument "Well the dead people are being over represented" but now we've done months of testing and the proof is in the pudding:

 USA: 19% 
Italy: 17%
 Germany: 5%
 South Korea: 2.5 %

Let's assume South Korea's numbers are the most accurate. That's a HUGE chance of death, and their people are generally on the healthier side compared to ours. The fact that USA and Italy both have nearly 20% mortality rate is just insane. It really doesn't make sense to me I had absolutely expected it to be closer to 2-5 % Or when I read online they say it's less than half of one percent. Where do you get that information from? The data I'm looking at suggests its around 5-10% or about the same as SARS. This is some really fucked up shit and everyone has decided to ignore it so they can go out and protest police brutality #blacklivesmatter

Now look do not get me wrong I fucking HATE the abuse of power by the police. I HATE the systemic racism in this god forsaken country. I do not understand why so many homeless people are black or why so many restaurant workers are mexican or why so many politicians and bankers are white but I think it has a lot more to do with inheritance than with the color of their skin. I've been preaching it for years and no one wants to listen. You want equality? We need to do away with rich people handing millions, sometimes billions, to their children who did not do a damn thing to earn it. This is why rich white kids always get ahead and stay ahead.

Racism is a horrible fact of life and honestly does not make any sense to me. It's deeply entrenched in our culture and probably in our human psyche itself. People are suspicious of 'others' and probably always have been. This instinct goes back to our cavemen days when we hunted and gathered in groups. It may have been advantageous then but it does nothing but harm today. If I had some magic wand I would make everyone treat everyone else fairly and equally but clearly I have no such wand. We should strip the police of much of their extra-constitutional powers and take a serious look at the problem of inheritance but I cannot be alone in thinking that mass gatherings during a fucking pandemic is a stupid idea.

I'm frustrated too! I'm running out of food, don't have anywhere to really call my home I have no one to talk to cant go on walks and don't have a job where I provide for myself. I cant even take a piss half the time I want to. I am literally at the bottom of Maslow's hierarchy of needs. I was really hopeful that with the masks and the summertime that the pandemic would be seriously on the decline by this time but nope, we just had to have nationwide protests... Every time I wake up I wish I was still asleep, or just dead already. The nightmares don't happen with my eyes closed anymore, unfortunately.

I've been having a harder and harder time falling asleep and my sleep time has been pushed all the way back to around 4-midnight. I have enough food for...IDK I've been saying two more weeks for a month now and it still feels like two more weeks. When it runs out...I don't know what I'll do. I guess I'll go down to the freeway with my sign and try to get to Portland, or Kelso. I'll get a greyhound bus ticket to SF, or Arcata. And I'll but a shitty van to live in, or rent a room. I wish I had kept in contact with Casey, he is my literal only friend and maybe the only person who would help me out if he could.

I've begun work on a new project, a nostalgic history of my time in SF. I would like to do it on all of my life and may actually chronicle my past as well as I can but I want to do something special for the city. I've been working on it for two days now and made only a dent, it's a serious undertaking. It won't turn out a work of art or anything but just like Day at School or Live from the Garage I know it'll feel really good to actually finish it and move on.

I do not know if there's anything left to do, or write, or look forward to. It seems to me like if we're having protests we should just have concerts, bring back Outside Lands, and open up the office buildings again. People can's see 10 feet in front of their own noses and can't be bothered to wear a god damned mask and sit inside for 2 weeks. It's funny this whole thing could have been solved back in February with a simple 15 day general quarantine like they did in China. The Chinese are back at work living their best lives under a totalitarian government meanwhile I'm going hungry and other people are getting shot at with rubber bullets by a totalitarian government. No one has a job and the money's spent I see no future I pay no rent. No where to go...

	
