
	Sun June 21st 1845 - The summer solstice

Today is the longest day of the entire year. The sun was above the heavy clouds ahead of schedule and the small birds began to sing beneath the calm grey skies before 5. There is a sweltering heat. I much prefer the cool ocean breeze on the western shores of the San Francisco Bay.
	
	I have successfully gone to the store a number of times now. I went last night for beers and hot pockets and today I went for Chef Boyardee and Subway. There's a pandemic I'm told but one wouldn't know it by the looks of this small town. I saw one woman wearing a mask. It's refreshing if not also alarming that life seems to go on. Sometimes I still wonder what that COVID really is. A sinister plot, an honest mistake, population control? Perhaps coronavirus is a natural one. By fortune it won supremacy among the thoughts which we children of dreams must carry.

So with the stores within reach I have extended my allotted sentence here by many days, perhaps even months. Food is expensive here, and I still have no access to Weed, computer equipment, cars, or burritos but at least I will survive. There still is no solid plan for a pivot and now that I am seeing infections on the rise again I worry that we will be forced to shut inside again. The people are over it thought, it won't happen and instead this winter will be a god damned reckoning. 

I regret most of my decisions this year. I should have talked to Chris, I should have helped Casey get the money back, I should have stayed in San Francisco, I should not have drunk those beers these last couple nights. My life feels like an endless stream of fuck up after fuck up but some small miracle here I am. 

I've been thinking a lot on mortality, trying to uncover the mystery of the undefined. 13 Billion years, or so I'm told, passed before my heart began to beat, nearly 4 more before my memory became acquired, and infinite more years await me after death. They will pass faster than the blink of an eye for without reservation time respects no limits. Sleeping is a petty form of death, to loose yourself for 5 or 6 hours is but a brief respite, a gasp of fresh air to ensure we do not suffocate from the noxious fumes of sentience.

For weeks now I've been unable and unwilling to lift even my slightest finger to accomplish anything of worth. Crawling in and out of the window twice a week and buying junk food to gorge myself with is the closest thing to a substitute I have for honest work. I am ashamed of myself and feeling most wretched but I have no inclination of mind nor body nor spirit to change. I am fallen to defeat, I am waiting to die, I am the spent and bent rim of a rusty bicycle, if I were to be removed and replaced by a component more stable, straight, and true, the whole of the bicycle would be made more sound.

I fear the world is gasping for breath along with me. The rivers, and waters, and oceans, and rains are polluted. The soil is toxic, the valleys are sterile. We murdered our Earth so we could sing plastic Christmas carols. Is it more wise to cling to the militarized arm of the United States when the inevitable wars, both foreign and domestic, begin over the dwindling and dying resources of our once terrestrial mother, or to dismiss oneself from all appearances of care and surrender all body, mind, and soul to the inconsistencies and torture of life's halted roll. To free myself from all desire, not even for meat or drink, sitting or standing, it would still be the same, thinking of something but nothing that is at hand, feeling only that which has not been made to feel, I could sample the everlasting exit reaching flirtatiously towards my hollow broken skull. Surrender, abandon your senses of reason, your mind, memory, and wants. Be like your father's grandfather and farther than any man's mind can attain, ascend to the flowers of time's endless cellar where nothing and no one can stay and with every hour you'll never grow better you're dead and that's all you will be.

Eritis sicut nihil, scientes Tartarum neque tempus.
