Thursday July 30 0711


I just realized it's been a few weeks since I wrote anything here and I feel somewhat obligated to continue the narration of my life.

Every day for the last two weeks has been very similar I wake up, get stoned, get drunk, smoke more weed while I shit, and shit post on 4chan the rest of the time. That's not to say that I have been completely unproductive but long gone are the days where I would work from the time I woke to the time I passed out on my DayAtSchool game.

I have begun working with HTML5, already I built a snake game and a dart game (which are currently found at /canvas.html and /dart.html I BELIEVE) but I have stalled out while working on my pong clone. I understand how to build it but I simply have not found the motivation. I am sure the weed must be involved, a part of me wishes I had never bought it but the other half of me rejoices at it's presence.

I still have roughly a third of it left. As a matter of fact I really ought to slow down on my intake now, going back into town would be somewhat of a bitch. Would have to either find a new ride or text the other dude again, he was cool I guess but I'd really rather just stay in town and lie low.

What else, what else? Well I stopped speaking to Casey again. He would always call at 10 AM and I've been going to sleep around 8-9 so that didn't work out. I saw the comet over the Columbia River, it was too dim to really appreciate but hey I still saw it. I've been going to Subway as much as possible, the skinny blonde girl has started to recognize me and today when I tried to go I saw her and did not go it.

It was 30 degrees here today and I still wore two jackets and my black jeans. I am embarrassed by my foul stench and try my best to cover it up. The walk into town was...sweaty, but I got through it. In the store I got peanuts, ravioli, and a beer. The girl joked about how I must be feeling hot, I looked her in the eye and lied "no" then I walked past Subway like a looser and sat by the Columbia River again.

The beer I got was a real IPA not the pisswater gas station shit I'm used to. I drank it down by the river and smoked a few bowls. I got pretty messed up to be honest listening to NRPS and looking at some cuties roll by in their boats. The mosquitoes were not bad and I made it back after a trip to the gas station for donuts, cheetos, and a gallon of water.

I've been distracted, mainly, by <a href='aidungeon.io'>aidungeon</a> and Star Wars videos of YouTube. I cannot explain my strange obsession with watching Star Wars lore videos, its truly obsessive. I watched several hours of YuGiOh in spanish as well. Very strange.

I suppose I will end here, or there, somewhere around here. I was falling back in love with the guitar but then my arm started to hurt...I had forgotten why I gave the instrument up in the first place.


