	Mon, July 6th 0226

	Well, It's almost 3 AM, I'm sitting in bed and I'm drunk. I hate alcohol, it's a poison and a terrible drug of choice. Unfortunately there is no weed that I can find in this town and it turns out I prefer being poisoned drunk to being sober. My little prison has continued to keep me alive, and the trips to the store have kept me well fed and drunk for the last 3 weeks but now instead of worrying about running out of food, I must worry about running out of money.

	There is no bank in this town and I have only about $120 left in my wallet. I have said it before but I will say it again, allowing my debit card to expire was the worst mistake I've made and I've made quite a few this year. I am under the impression the regional bus is still out of operation and it turns out Uber doesn't even operate here (or at least there were no available drivers at 5 PM on a Sunday afternoon) That leaves me with only one option, hitchhiking. I've only hitched one time before in my life and it was from Santa Rosa to Ukiah. Northern California is likely the easiest place to hitchhike in the entire world and the folk down there are hippie types. The vibe up here is rednecks and stuffy white folk. I'm dreading the morning I have to schlep my sorry ass down to the Chevron and stick my thumb out like a chump. I already got made fun of by a teenager in a BMW and that was just while walking down the street.

	When I go into town there are only three stores to choose from, Chevron, the grocery mart, and Subway. Chevron is open till 11 so it's the easiest to get into but their food selection is severally lacking. They did finally get a re-stock of beer and donuts but their hot pockets have been exhausted and the cheetos themselves are now running low. I've developed a bit of a relationship with the cashier over the last few weeks, he doesn't even ask for my ID anymore. It's always the same guy, a younger man with an afro, and I always feel pressured to buy beer when I see him so he doesn't think I'm such a looser for buying hot pockets and cheetos to stay alive. Unfortunately that decision has led to me being drunk most days and now I am feeling withdrawals when I can't get anything to drink. Maybe it's just a general addiction to being put into an alternative state of mind and if I could just get some weed I would no longer feel it but I am becoming worried it could be the begging of alcohol addiction. I remember Chris telling me about how booze ruined his life, and I believe him, and I surely don't want to be anything like Chris. What a pickle!

	I'm listening to the dead, of course, 9/3/80 Johnny B Goode and I'm grooving to it. I'm glad that through it all the music of Jerry and the boys still gets me in a good mood, too bad it's not enough for my overloaded and depressive brain. Nope, I just NEED something to get fucked up on, it makes the time pass faster, and more comfortably. It occurred to me earlier that we humans are cognizant of the earth burning, suffering, and dying around us and that we consciously blindfold ourselves to the suffering. Some use sports, some politics, others sex, or video games, I prefer substances and I think I'm not in the minority. Do not the vast majority of people operate under the influence of one drug or another? I don't have an answer but I suspect it is true.

	Today I went to Subway and Chevron. When I fist started going into town I would get the Turkey footlong on wheat bread, my favorite sub. Today I got the Italian BMT on Italian Herbs and Cheese, the cheapest calorie per dollar choice. After I ate my sandwich alone on a bench (and got made fun of by a fat woman on a motorcycle for wearing a mask) I walked into Chevron and bought two tall boys (Busch and Budweiser) a chimichanga (as the hot pockets were depleted) and I got a bag of Takis after seeing the cheetos running low. I spied a rack of gift cards but they were just Amazon and Applebee's and such, no Visa general gift cards. Oh well. I walked up the hill with my grocery bag of shit food and took a rest at the gazebo above the police station, cracked the budweiser and watched the sunset while drinking in public. I was listening to Old and in the Way 9/30/73 and the sunset was underwhelming. It was orange like orange juice and there were a few clouds above the mountain. The most beautiful sight was the Columbia River behind the stacks of logs being processed behind the train tracks. I watched a train roll by slow and thought about how it was catchable. A police man drove by and we made eye contact through his aviators, he didn't stop, he must not have seen the beer, or he just didn't care.

	Sometime this week I will have to go downtown before noon and ascertain the status of the bus. If it's running it should appear every other hour at fifty after the hour. Otherwise I will buy a subway sandwich and mentally prepare myself to hitchhike south. The nearest bank is 30 miles south. I'm really feeling pretty lost and low and if I wasn't perpetually drunk I would probably either feel better or worse or the same. Could be that I would have an easier time of it sober, or maybe I would be pulling my hair out. Maybe I would still be reading Latin, maybe I would have cracked. I don't know. I certainly would have more money but even that would be steadily running out. It's not infinite and without the debit card it's far from enough.

	I've been playing the guitar a bit more. I learned the chords for Row Jimmy and that's fun to play. Doesn't make me want to cry as much when I play it though, the emotions are all the work of Jerry. My once invincible callouses have been absolutely dissolved after the two year hiatus from playing and my fingers are raw as I type but no blood no problem.

	I think I should really call Casey. The WORST thing that could happen is he calls me an asshole and says "never talk to me again, and if I see you I'm gonna kick your ass" and in that case I'd just be in the same situation as I'm in now but I'd have two tall losers I'd have to avoid in SF (if I ever return) The best case scenario would enable me to only have to walk the 15 miles north to the Greyhound and then I could have a place to stay in SF while I get my finances in order and procure shelter in the form of either a vehicle or a rental. The census people are still calling me as of this afternoon. I really could have gotten a job down there. Fuck.

	Sometimes it feels like I perpetually make the wrong decisions. Like my life is an infinite series of mistake after mistake. While in the shower (drinking my beer after washing my undies in the sink) I realized that I've had so many good times in life and I want to have more good times but I always do something stupid and then WOOSH out with the good times in with me living in squalor slurping cold ravioli out of a can. That's been the general cycle since 2018. Buttermilk Lane > ravioli on the beach > Etienne's house > ravioli in SF > Mac'd > Etiennes > ravioli in SF > 36th ave > ravioli in Washington state. I'm young, I was strong and healthy, and I know I like to work. I don't have a problem slaving away at a job, fuck I think I enjoy the structure it gives my life but hey we're all suffering from the pandemic right? Ce la Vi.

	4th of July was cool. It was my first Independence Day outside of California and I have to admit, the fireworks are way cooler up here. The full moon was flanked by Jupiter and Saturn and for over two hours the sky was filled with the brilliant green, red, and white explosions of fireworks sent hundreds of feet into the air before they detonated with a force and fury that was felt for miles around. It was a lot more impressive than the crackling cactus we grew up with in CA.

	I think that's about all I have to say. I miss everything, it's such a shame that we never appreciate what we have until it's gone. I would give anything to go smoke with Chris and Casey and Market/4 before riding my bike through the wiggle blasting Jerry. Get home, eat a cold Farolito burrito, fuck  around on my computer and sleep on the floor. I would give anything to smoke dabs with Etienne and listen to Catch Flight with the Trap Cat. I would give anything to drink gin out of a coffee mug, jamming with Oscar and Blake while Gabby takes bong hits at the coffee table. I would give anything to go hang with Brik and Will at Top of the World. I would give anything to go smoke with Cameron and Stoney and Cameron's mom in that shed he used to have. I would give anything to go take bong hits with Kyle and Faron in The Hole. (Ray los ing seca tol in dardonjay!) Hell I wish I could go play Call of Duty with Dustin again and listen to Animal I have Become while talking about hot cute Lillie and Melissa were. I had a lot of good times in the past, hopefully I can have some more good times in the future. Life is good sometimes and life is bad sometimes and eventually life will be no more and I will be no more and none of this will matter. Eventually, maybe it ends in pain, maybe it ends in pleasure, maybe it ends before I even know the end has begun.

	Hic verba lacrimaeque meae sedent.
