

Fri, Aug 14 0459


Well, I can say without a doubt THIS is the worst point of my life so far. This is worse than my stupid emo phase in high school, this is worse than the day the sun fell out of the sky, this is worse than the day Noelle showed up with the hickey, this is worse than the day I heard her laughing with some dude at the cafeteria and I had a panic attack, this is worse than when I dropped out of school, this is worse than when I severed my flexor tendon, this is worse than my fights with Jared or with Paul or Faron or anyone. This is worse than being homeless or hitchhiking or being hunted by Bo or getting thrown out by Justin and it's sure as shit worse than when I was alone and depressed down in Sad Francisky. This shit, right here, right now, fucking SUCKS!

At first I thought that smoking was to blame so around the beginning of the month I stopped smoking, then I thought maybe I have COVID. I don't feel sick so to speak, I don't think I have a fever and I don't really have a cough (though without a test I can't be SURE) but now I have a new theory. It's the mold. There are about 6 or 7 trash bags full of shit in this room (not to mention two dozen dirty cans in the bathroom) that I cannot (or at least HAVE not) disposed of. I can't use the trash can, I have to haul them down the street and throw them into a neighbor's trash can. That involves a lot of prayer as if the cops in this shitty ass town catch me they'll probably fuck me up. They already made it perfectly clear how they feel about me the last time we talked. 

I can't shave, I can't smoke but worst of all I cant fucking breathe. I always took it for granted and now I go all day without catching my fucking breath. I've never had asthma before, I wish I had an inhaler I feel like that would help. But no, all I have is thousands of dollars and no way to spend it.

I am starting to honestly believe that I would be better off sleeping under the fucking bridge, at least maybe if I were outside my asthma would improve. I really cannot stay here any longer, and I have no where else to go. I look like a fucking bum and since I can't do laundry, I smell like one too. I'm beaten and there's no way out, I'm doomed to die here, chocking on my own breath.

There's a horrible heat wave coming in this weekend. It's going to get to 39 and stay there for days. I'm out of canned foods so I have to go tomorrow or go hungry. It's going to be 30 tomorrow and I'll have to either layer up or smell like shit. I hate myself for doing this to myself. I should have stayed in the fucking city. Now I must pay the price for my lack of vision.

Any good news? Well, I've been watching Star Wars habitually, that's cool I guess. I found a download for all three movies on the archive, it's the original versions as well. They're perfect movies and I guess if I had to die those are decent films to die to. Other than that my life has been wretched torture since my last blog at least. Around that time I realized I couldn't breathe and it hasn't gotten any better. Matter of fact it may be getting worse. I think my lips may be turning a more purple color than they should be and I feel extremely disoriented, and tired.

 Yeah it's just like drowning in slow motion while sitting here.

Still have an eighth of weed but can't smoke it, it makes my lungs even worse so I've just been drinking and I fucking hate it. Alcohol is such a shitty drug, easily my least favorite. No wonder that's the socially acceptable one, I've long since realized that humanity is fucking retarded and will always make the wrong decisions. 

I understand we all must die, I understand that many people (most?) must die relatively soon. This delayed economic collapse cannot prevent the inevitable and regardless of whether or not there's more TrumpBucks or if JoeBlow wins the election or if aliens descend from Pluto or whatever bullshits about to happen nothing can prevent the marine collapse or the widespread crop failure. Nothing can stop death, we only try in vain to slow it's creep.

I understand all of these things but I don't want to die, I want to live. I want to ride my bike up to Mt. Davidson and smoke a joint at Dolores. I want to walk below the redwood trees and hold a woman's hand beneath the stars. There could have been so much more life to live but I made a mistake, one horrible terrible mistake. And as we all know it only takes one good mistake to kill you.

My death will not be special, it will not be long remembered, and it will have no consequence on anyone else's death. It will be the same as the spider I lost my breath flushing down the shower drain this evening. My death will be unceremonious and go unnoticed except for my delirious oxygen deprived brain and the spider hiding in the corner who may feast and lay eggs in my rotting eyeballs.

Goodbye you stupid fuckers, I tried to warn you but you said I was "Paranoid" At least I learned my lesson for the next life: DO NOT TRUST OR BELIEVE ANY OF THESE FUCKING RETARDS.
