Sat, Aug 22 1746

Ok, as a preface I have not slept for over 24 hours. I took care of the breathing problem by disposing of 12 trashbags in two hours. It's not 100% but it's better.

The catalyst for this record of my mind is an alarming attention grabbing headline courtesy of thehill.com pushed to my home screen by Google. It read "Asteroid headed for earth be fore November Election" The first sentence essentially rehashed the same message. It was not until two or three paragraphs down they mention quite casually that this dreaded asteroid has three different impact locations (but does not name a single one) and that it is approximately 6.5 feet wide...

So, I nearly had a heart attack checking the time on my phone because Google pushed me an extrememely sensationalized headline because they knew I would open the page and there I would be forced to view an ad or three. That is a powerful argument AGAINST proprietary computer operating systems, they can force you to be afraid for your life.

Anyways there's been all kinds of bullshit this last week. Despite the return of my breathe I'm still miserable...and physically broken (or at the very least badly bent) My army hurt if I use the computer for too long, my legs hurt if I walk around for too long. Especially my right foot...I'm not sure it's the shoe or an injury, I'm sure this started the night I tried to walk to Longview and I suppose it's never gotten better. It hurts right now and all I did was walk into town and back, but again I haven't slept so that could be playing a part as well.

Where to begin? I broke the bowl man! I set it on the lip of the shower while I was taking a shit and it dropped onto the plastic basin breaking clean in two pieces right under the bowl. At first I took it as a sign I would quit smoking, 6 hours later I was just holding the broken pieces together. That actually worked well for me until I decided to clean it today. Cleaning this pipe fulfilled one of my recurring fantasies involving splitting something open and cleaning it from the inside. I have often joked "If only I could split open my chest and air my lungs out!" The broken pipe offered a similar experience. I was able to clean out most of the gunk inside the pipe using a pipe-cleaner and some hot water. Rubbing alcohol being much too precious to use for such a frivolous endeavor. Unfortunately it turned out the residue 'crude' in the bowl was helping the two broken pieces of the pipe stay together. Now the crescent tear drop of deadly glass slides off the shattered capital if the wind should brush it unfavorably.

I saw the cops again, oh boy. I was walking back from Chevron on a Thursday night. I was on the sidewalk holding the brown paper bag in the palm of my right hand. Inside was a PBR, Dinamitas, and a bag of Jerky. The cop's headlights are especially bright and blinding so I knew it was him once he passed me. I crossed into the triangle of harassment between the police station, the gazebo, and the thin blue line flagpole when the cope drove up this time from behind and shouted "Hey do you wanna talk for a minute?" I turned and held the bag in my right hand. My left hand hung at my side. "Sure," I replied but he had stopped in the middle of the street with his window down so I looked around and asked "Do you wanna like go somewhere?" He shined a flashlight in my face and I grimaced. "No," he said, "I'm just looking for someone and obviously you're not him." I stared back and answered blankly "OK" When he asked me "What's your name?" I was taken back and said, "Why do you need to know my name? What is this a Terry stop or something?" This must have made him mad. He replied, "No, you really wanna be like that ?" to which I asked "Am I being detained?" He pretended like he didn't hear me, though I admit my voice was trembling for fear he would shoot me on the pavement. "Am I being detained?" I asked again. "No," he said and I quickly turned to continue walking down the street without acknowledging the rest of what he said "You're free to go any time you like. You prick!" He cursed at me as he continued down the street in the same direction I was. I halfway expected him to come back and torture me, or kill me, or at the least arrest me but I did not see him again. It was without a doubt the worst experience I have ever had with the police and was BY FAR the most unprofessional treatment I've ever received from a police officer. I don't think all cops are bad, but how am I supposed to feel safe when there's aggressive men prowling the streets at night harassing people and shouting expletives at them?

The last two times I've been to the store it has been bad vibes all around. On Tuesday I bought one beer, two cans of soup and a pack of water. There was an older woman I did not recognize but she seemed friendly. I asked, "Can you break a $20?" because I know the blonde girl had done it before she quickly agreed but then spent possibly an entire minute examining the authenticity of the bill. It was a crisp blue one fresh from the bank. I had more than enough time to bag all of my stuff into my backpack and make awkward eye contact with her and her friend twice. I could tell they did not like me, and seemed to be joking to each other about my appearance maybe. It does feel good to roll around in $100s but it's less 'effective' cash than $20s. Today I went to the store again and saw the young brown haired girl, the same girl who asked me "aren't you hot?" wearing two button downs and black jeans in 28. I looked her dead in the eyes and flatly told her, "No." She pretended to ignore me by...dusting? Or organizing whatever rack is to the right of the doors...The sunglasses? I gave her a brief nod and she reluctantly helped me. I put everything down on the counter and she gave me a cold shoulder. Bad vibes. I handed her a $20 and then the entire time she would not make eye contact with me which I only find strange because of how readily she did it before. Surely she recognizes me I only wear one set of clothes! 

On the town there have been a number of changes as well. I've seen three transient people in the last week. First was a shoeless woman babbling on her cellphone sitting on the pavement in front of the Grocery Store. Then there was the man who was sitting on the benches outside of Subway who asked me for a cigarette, and finally the guy posted up at the Chevron smoke break spot laying under the chair playing on his phone while it charged. That guy is going to survive the apocalypse, I'm not so sure. My foot is fucked, maybe new shoes would help it but I can't really be sure. My wisdom teeth hurt too. What a drag it is getting old...this is it, I've experienced the peak of my physicality and now it is a steady, then steep decline until all is pain or all is sleep.

Miles Davis is playing, now I'll go play CK2 I suppose. Wales... like that's important. Who cares, it'll all be different by November anyways.


