	

	Sun, October 25th 2114

So I'd like to say I've been busy, but really I've just been lazy. I meant to post a review 10 days ago when the two town halls were happening but honestly I couldn't bring myself to watch them both. 3 hours felt like too much time which is ironic considering I haven't had shit to do for over 6 months but that's the truth. Then a few days ago the final debate happened and I would have liked to have recorded my thoughts on that as well but something stopped me. A great urge to fuck with my operating system led me to my present 3+ day binge of installing Arch Linux (in a VM mind you) and building my custom Desktop Environment. I've got it just about finished. I'd still like to fuck with the color scheme, the status bar, and getting my touchpad to work right (swipes aand double clicks) but overall I can't complain. This shit works really well and I've got about a dozen tabs in firefox open and my RAM usage is 1.1Gb... Not bad at all in my opinion.

There has been a lot of living that's happened since my last post. I went to Longview again, I read Lord of the Rings, and the autobiography of Ben Franklin. Mostly I just sat on my laptop though. While reading LOTR I was almost entirely engaged with the text and finished it in around a week I believe, but after that I have see my reading habit decline and since returning from Longview last Monday I have scarcely opened the math notebook. I understand this would be better organized in chronological order but I'm afraid I won't be subscribing to that method. I'm just gonna scatter stories like drops of rain on this page (virtual) and leave it to the reader to pick up the pieces so to speak.The heaviest thing on my mind right now is my desktop environment to be honest so I'll start by describing my Arch Linux process over the last few days.

 I had already played around in an Arch VM which I installed using the Anarchy script but I felt I was doing a disservice to myself by refusing to install it manually so I made another VM. Several times I followed through the official guide, or DT's video, or Mental Outlaw's video but every time I would get messed up somewhere. The process is fairly straight forward: boot, check internet, set keyboard and clock, partition disks, create and mount file system, pacstrap, and take care of the bootloader (along with some miscellania) but again and again I failed at one place or another. Several of my issues had to do with the fact that I was installing on a VM, and that it did not support EFI boot method. This combined with the subtle differences between DT and Mental Outlaw (boot method as well as partition scheme) also confused me. In the end I learned you do not NEED a boot partition if you are just using grub and so all I had to do was make (an optional) swap partition and the root partition. The other place I was confused was installing the bootloader itself but again in the the Grub method it was very simple (follow DT 2019 video) The other steps are as easy as following instructins and knowing how to use vim.

After the install I was ready to make my build. The best part about Arch is that it doesn't install any bullshit, it drops you in an empty home directory which allows you to truly make it your own. I installed some essential packages (which in hindsight I now wich I had written down what I installed) and cloned my backups repo from github. That repo contains st, dwm, and a few dotfiles. I very easily got dwm to boot and was mostly set up, configuration has taken up the rest of my time. Xrandr to set the resolution, I had to follow Mental Outlaw's video on configuring some file then added xrandr -s XxY in xinitrc. There was also a brief flirtation with Termite while I tried to get my font to render correctly (then I realized I had never installed whatever font I was trying to use DeJaVu I think) then I ended up just returning to JoyPixels which is what came standard in Luke's st build.

	Mon October, 26th 0515

Ok so I just spent the last IDK 8 hours fucking around with Arch Linux and I've decided I'll need to install it as soon as possible. I hope this doesn't blow up in my face but even if it does I'll still have Debian and my backup hard drive and it would even give me a nice excuse to stay off my computer for a while. Tomorrow I will try to install Arch Linux. There is a chance that I won't be able to connect to the Wi-Fi which would shut me down fairly quickly, and there is a better chance that I will fuck it up which will possibly fuck my computer up too...But I'm determined that I want to see this through so I'll get it done when I wake up.

There was a lot more on my mind this morning (read: last night) when I started this but I was completely sidetracked by this arch linux thing. It's fun, to tinker with something and see the results in real time, it's like a different kind of game. And it's like Minecraft in that your achievements stack up over time. Maybe it's even more productive than Minecraft. i

	
