
	Thur, Oct 01 03:27

New website who dis? Seriosly though my paranoia has taken a turn for the
worse when I've decided that a github address I had advertised on my Instagram
for 24 hours was a matter of corporal security.

It's been a terrible tortue, cushioned only by the false pillows of alcohol,
marijuana, coffee, and LCD screens. I have not slept for a while, I couldnt
sleep last night and I drank a Monster espresso drink for breakfast aound 10
AM. 300 mg of caffeine is really now joke. In a perfect world I would be
waking up in around 30 minutes to an hour in order to prepare for my day. The
first day of October and my life is as disgusting as it was in May. Worse even
as the filth has been allowed to multiply in the long weeks, months, of my
repugnant isolation. 

I managed to read for a week straight but it was affecting my eyes. Staring at
the laptop for 16 hours a day is not good and I realized that I haven't slept
in a good, true, and proper darkness for months. I'm not living for anything
and the world around me continues to collapse. The only thing which really
felt stable in the entire last week was Tripcode's phone rant which came out
around 16 hours ago. After the debate I hold little hope for our sad people.

The first (and possibly Final) presidential debate between Trump and Biden was
last night. Each candidate began with two minutes uninterrupted to say
something. Trump went first, Biden remembered to say thank you. Within 60
seconds of 'the gloves coming off' so to speak the debate descended into
nearly unintelligable chaos. Some points which stand out in my mind are
Biden's laugh, Trump asking for Biden's Supreme court picks or his stance on
packing the court (his response was: Whatever I decide when the time comes is
what I believe) Biden's rejection of the Green New Deal, Trump's "$3.5 million
to Biden's son" claim.

 The coronavirus exchange seemed pointless, both parties
fucked up and have turned the whole thing into a political battleground. Trump
didn't act swiftly enough (which would have been shutting down all roads,
bridges, airports, cities ETC on Feb 2nd during the SuperBowl) HOWEVER the
democrats not only mocked him for his 'xenophobic' travel ban Nancy Pelosi
herself (and London Breed if I'm not mistaken) were urging people to visit
China town as late as Feb 24th and the city (and NY I believe) held a Chinese
New Year Parade. Blame lies on both sides, both sides had massive gatherings
over the summer, and I am starting to believe the virus may have mutated into
a less deadly disease. I may not be right about that, I'm not sure.

After Coronavirus they talked about race I believe where Trump refused to
condemn white supremacy again. He's so fucking stupid, both of them are, but
Trump's job is so easy. Just repeat after me, "White supremacy is a terrible
thing. Black supremacy is also a terrible thing. In my America every man woman
and child is treated fairly and equally" or something like that. Instead he
came out about "both sides" (which is obviously true as well. People have been
assholes on both sides since the start) and screamed "Law and Order" which
gave Biden the easy "Equal Law and Order for all Americans" soundbite.

Finally they discussed the results of the election and I became horrified by
what I heard. At this point it seems to me that both sides are preparing to
declare victory and...I have no idea what will happen next. Could be a civil
war like for real. I don't want to fight, no black eyes, or nothing. No one
want's to die, but a lot of people are feeling hopeless, restless, useless,
and conditions like these are a breeding ground for social unrest. I read
Pelosi is working on another stimulus with Mnuchin. Could happen. $1200 paper
dollars. yay. That will keep the bread on the table through winter, hopefully.

A few other things I noticed was anytime Trump tried to nail Biden on an issue
the Moderator would shut him down. Biden never gave a concrete answer to any
of the major accusations but I think that's normal for politicians. Trump
absolutely did not respect the time limits but to his credit Biden was
interrupting him as well. I think the debates would be better with timers on
the screen so everyone can see how much time they're using and then have a
fucking buzzer or the lights change or something go off to shut them the fuck
up. No more rambling past 2 mins it should be 20 mins flat and then BUZZZ next
contestant. That or give them each like 10 mins at a time to make a point then
spend the rest just yelling at each other with no moderator and one mic in the
center of the room or something. IDK, the format was no good. I wathced some
clips from old debates, regan, and carter. They were calmly discussing policy
points and were honestly boring.

Finally the SPICY finds
Biden had some kind of insane metal gadget up his sleeve. Never seen something
like this before. You can clearly see it if you slow the video down at 57:15
on the CSPAN stream of the debate. Trump's mic made him sound SUPER sick in
the first few mins of the debate, and Trump has small hands (like my
size...SAD)


I wrote this in the dwm arch box I got set up with Luke's st and modestly
customized dwm config.h but it's fairly minimal. I'm going to try and adapt to
this kind of an environment because now that I know how to set it up (and I
have the backups on this github to prove it!) I can in theory set this up
again and again on any machine I get the linux kernal to boot on (and has
enough ram to run startx ~200MBs)
