OKay I have settled on A topic and can now devote myself entirely in puruit of a goal. Right? Well reality is never quite as simple as fantasy, and
the actualization of any particular act is never as effortless as dreaming of it's sweet taste, victoriously exheaving it's never known ripeness in a
futile exhalation "WOOOSH to win and be loved" but it may be and more likely it will be not. Regardless the details provided can be made, argued rather
to seem rather possible and expedient. By persuassion portray the Penninsula of Saint Francis to be natural birthright of all on earth, or at least in
America. Our mild (if not preferable) weather, tolerant law enforcement, and robust economy speak for themselves. To deny the simple, profitable, and 
pleasant lifestyle of our city is to declare the Rights of . Side track. We dont have "right of the soul" we have the allusion to "All men are born
equals" in the declaration of independance. I wonder if all (Side side track why is it that the saying "Rights of Man" has become offensive to my ears.
Surely there ought to be a better, more progressive, and more gender neutral term. But what is it? Where is it? Must we all suffer now and until a lasting
alternative is disseminated among the people to continue the timeless conversation of equality before the law and in society. Why, if any more than a
product of my birth, must I suffer to slave in the basement kept from the fat couch of modern pale academia. There are no doubt peers of my own 
age knowing nothing of the journey of Aeneas, the reagents for Lycergic acid, the meaning of Lear's madness, the reason Satan's continued pursuit of evil
not to mention the subtle sound of terrapin station 2/26/77 - 2/27/77  - 3/18/77 You know what I mean. How has it been allowed to pass that I should
sit in this room poor and alone while people of far less quality rule above taking uber to the airport they spend too much money on stupid ass shit
like cabins and new clothes and fuck relatively speaking I am one of them. I have too much. I spend too much. How on earth am I supposed to continue
to live like this? I dunnon if i can make it. What a time ive had writing to the allman dark star spanish jam 70 yeah this is prolly the best spanish jam
fersure.
