Mon, Aug 26 							19:43	

	Okay so I put on 8/27/72 PITB and decided that was a good
amount of time to allocate for my new endevour to keep some kind of a
journal. So far i have been doing ok but I am still dissapointed with
the speed of my recording. If i am to be able to use this exercise to
gain anything of value I need to be able to complete it as fast as
possible as the act of typing it has an actual and very real effect on
my current perseption of life, the universe, and everythin.

So ya this song has always been pretty heavy for me since I wrecked my
truck right there haha "let him cast a stone at me" and she sure did.
Strange to think thats over a year ago. My how time flies and I am sure
in a better mind and space set as of this writing than at that (now
lost) review of my sad times. I am glad to have had them though.
Without the lessons and knowledge that I gained I would no be who I am
today. That includes the guy who got out of bed at 5 am only to find
the bathroom door locked and thus proceded to piss in the park. Lol well
it was somewhat nostalgic for me as that was the exact place I used to
piss when I would park out near 36th ave on Fulton. No joke between 37
and 40 I used to refer to as "the promised land" as when I discovered
their street sweeping days are on a Friday as opposed to the other Wed.
and Thur. slots I was amazed and exclaimed "I can stay on Fulton 24/7 
now!" so unaware that in only a few weeks (or days) time I would be
renting out a full room right here on 36th ave. It is expensive but
am happy. The fog is near omnipresent and its an easy bike ride to and
from work (minus that SoMa shit)

	In python I am somewhat stuck on a game of Tic-Tac-Toe I am
wanting to create. I am frusterated primarly because this is a problem
which I have already solved in python about 14 months ago but lost the
code and now am struggling to reproduce it. I think if I were to re-write
the current code from the ground up or whatever so to speak I would be
successful but that sounds like so much work. Fuck. I must hate work. If
I hate work then I wont be able to survive? Not really. Most everyone hates
work hell I bet Bobby even hates work and that it hurts when everyone 
makes fun of him on the subreddit. Then again he's rich. Maybe I just
gotta stay focused on the money and let what comes come. I  alread made
it out on the streets of Venice Beach and now San Francisco for over a
year what else is left? I have operated in places with no connection with
high society and the absolute defonition of "City of the one percent" Why
is it that a city as rich and opulent as our fair San Francisco should
become such a bastion of liberal values. I believe it is simply a 
reflection of our openness to welcome all and make space for any who
choose to make space here. We are a blank slate, the greatest canvas of
the west where weirdo's from all walks of life come together to paint the
walls and erect the canyons of our reality with Plaster, Concrete, Acrylic
and Shit.

	Love is gone and all is left now is everything in the entire
universe. Without bounds is the expanse of information available to me
in the single click of a button. A quick google search will expose with 
ease every written syllabul of Cicero, Chaucer, J	

Chocolate, vape pen, peanutbutter with the knife still in
Hydro flask, marc by marc jacobs, crunchy granola bar only one eaten
pocket knife, V7 pen, bike key, 3 key, wallet by Hilfiger, big nail
clippers, visine, lil nail clippers, pipe (chris' grey tornado) lighter
(Balboa grey standard) Toilet paper roll containing the vape pen. 100-
cd's I found by 7th ave safeway. Do not work. 2 hats staCK OF paper towels
pens assorted. outer space

Wendy, noelle, jerry, guitar, hand pain, foot pain, death, birth, mother,
brother, money, hunger, sound, god, good, bad, pain, back, shoulders,
neck the main ten clipper cards I have never paid for the bus but once
and I dont even feel bad about it. Where does the money even come from
the bus drivers are all making money, maybe even more money than me,
prolly ya actualy cuz I aint make much I can maybe get a skill to make
some more but IDK if i really can I kinda suck and smoke hella weed and 
i dont really commit to doing anything and I dont like other people so ya
idk good luck
boombooombobom
playing
playin in the band
Daybreak
Dayea on the land
Playin
Playiing in the band
Day beraek
day break on the lad
Plyain
LIke a wave upon the sand
daybreak
while pi plying in the bqabnkd
jeryy
jeryy
jeryy
jery
cook
cool
Hafd tacos at Vallereatsas today. 3 each. Religious experience. LMAO. 
didnt puke (yet) 
godnight fuck that sucked  lets do it again forever....
main 10 thanks jerry				
