Aug 23, 2019							18:13

	It is obviously become important to keep some sort of journal, or 
diary, or log. The ability to go back and see exactly what trip I was on
at some specific time is very powerful data. For example yesterday I was at
Best Buy with Chris. I didnt go in, I waited with my bike (orange fixie) by 
the bike rack creating a chart of the dates on which I withdrew money from
my bank account(while some suits vaped to my right...) formulating a table 
which showed how long my money has lasted my throughout my time here at 876.
What I found was that $500 will usually last me 3.5 weeks on average (mode)
but that between May 20 and June 27 $500 lasted me 5 weeks. Wondering why I
came home to search through my "thoughts" log and was dismayed to find it
very sparse. Who would have thought that creating a log actually takes some 
amount of work. If I want this it will take up some amount of time but if I 
am careful it will not become overwhelming or too time consuming.

	Today I woke up tired at 4:04 AM and didnt poop at home. Probably
because I did not eat enough yesterday to warrant a full shit this morning.
It was two twin crunchy granola bars and a safeway sushi. Out the door at 5
and listened to the third set of 2-22-74. I did not smoke at all before work
and Eyes started up right about the time I hit market street. China doll
rolled in as I turned onto Brannon off 5. First 3 hours I was very lovy dovy
with Wendy then she mentioned to Gabby she lives with a Chico. I was very
hurt and then acted like a bitch the rest of the day to her. Nothin much 
tween 9 and 11 just like organized dry storage and...clean drains. For lunch
we had rice, beans, cauliflower, beef, and swordfish. It was bomb but left 
a bad taste in my mouth. Quick google search shows that yes, they have the
highest mercury of any fish...worse than tuna lmao.

	After work I went to shit at the Salesforce Park. Nice. Smoked with 
Chris in the Jack Karowack alley. Some dude came out and killed it on the 
guitar. Fun. Our conversation was really two different conversations. I
think that maybe we are both crazy and just like to have someone else to 
talk to that isnt our selves...or Casey. So ya. Rode my bike back sans
speaker and ran into Henry in the hallway. Talked to him for like 60 secs 
and he offered me a beer. I talked a lot. And fast. Came into my room and
translated 11-9-73 from SHN to FLAC in about 9 mins. IDK if thats better
than it even was before but somehow it is less of a headache. LMAO Im hella
hungry and gonna go eat Pho sounds nice but I'll be late. Ill survive?


	More spiritually I think this is hell and everyone here is here to 
suffer. Maybe. Or Im in paradise. One of the two. LMAO life is like that

							21:19

Just got back from My Cahn. Ate the big pho. Paid $12. Dude was kinda an
asshole but could just be cuz I looked high as hell. Riding downtown I read
spanish and latin Wikipedia about the Argo and Orators. Didnt really learn
that much but I think the practice is important. WOW i had 11-9-73 on repeat
and Half-Step just came BACK on. Thats the song I started the album on when
I first converted it and began this whole thing about 3 hours ago... Crazy.
So on the bus ride there was this beautiful woman I wrote a poem about her
I call "Diana" its not really all that good but just like the reading of 
latin and spanish I think it's important to practice with the intention of
improving. Pho filled me up walked down Grant to Market and caught another
5 Fulton rode and listened to a lot of dumb white girl nonesense. These
people take out loans to go to "school" where they dont learn how to make
mone AND waste more money trying to impress friends and win allies. Some I
imagine must make some good money. I suppose my aversion to higher education
will be show to be a good or bad choice in time. Only time can tell. As far
as making money goes I have basically given up on entrepenuership mostly cuz
of how my co-workers made fun of me which is stupid. These people are twice
my age and still working the same job that I have now with no skills and
even less education. Maybe if I can fall in love with programming I can get
a nice cushy gig eating the pinterest food but not having to pretend to
clean the dry storage for an hour and a half. Maybe what I have going on
right now is even better and preffered to what they techno-hombres do 
upstairs. I am sure they make more money. Eventually I will need more money
possibly as soon as March when my lease is up. 8 months. Or less. Every day
a little bit less. A little bit closer. Goals for the weekend is to stay
productive, save money, and watch my mota intake. Next weekend is Labor Day
I hope to ride my bike up to Mt. Davidson and listen to the Beatles. I love
holidays mostly cuz theyre hella boring and I have to occupy and feed myself
an extra day. Ok Half-Step is over and im out. TO BED!!!

AAAAAAANNND Nicks back with his 6 year old daughter. cool...21:21 
