Mael:	What happy welcome is this, for your Earl
	to find his royal cousins kill their lord,
	my father's death become my coronation
	whose blood now stains the city of our birth,
	to be greeted by your sullen faces?
	What have you Donnchad or wicked Domnall
	an answer? Or a prayer? Please do rebut.
	The law which you have broken is quite clear.
	A murderer is unforgivable?
	Speak up! A little louder I cant hear
	your voice has little power, less than your heart
	less than your courage! Alone I stand and
	speak to many, you to one. To kill is
	not permitted in this land. My father too
	was guilty, evil, unworthy and mad.
	Murder is a sin, the 6th commandment.
	But under God a right is not two wrongs.
	And under God the hierarchy is
	kings and earls from heaven are your leaders
	and you are not the ones who may decide
	who is king nor who is doomed to die. God
	alone has this power. Reparation
	for your mortal sins is life in prison
	Who should think them innocent and pay not
	for their heineous crime? If any one of
	you should wish our places were reversed
	let your cries be heard, and deplorably
	this pathetic cry may sneeze and take my place.
	None at all who would prefer this devil
	in my fathers house? Then justice is done.
	People to your duty! Just one devil
	is among our amidst? Has Domnal fled the
	city in fear of what he must pay? Well
	Domnall will be found and soon will join you,
	until then it is solitary for
	this Donnchad the wicked, Donnchad the weak,
	Donnchad the devil. Now fair people know
	I come Conchobar's son not only to 
	avenge his death but also to repent
	Kings and rulers are given charge to care
	for their people as champion and friend.
	My father in these stations surely failed 
	but I am ready to make up for this.
	I share a part in all your grievence too:
	I as well felt fear when the tyrant took
	from my only brother first his titles
	then his life. I as well suffered on the
	fields protecting our farms and families
	from the men of Dublin. An invasion
	caused by the ill temper of a tyrant.
	Who could not feel disgust when Conchobar
	threw his newborn son to his death? He is
	forever a stain on my family,
	and a disgrace to the city herself.
	Now fair people we must make our ammends
	if we are to carry on and bear the
	burden left by my father's nastiness
	we must work together, trust eachother
	and (to the best of our abilites)
	put behind the past to help the future.
	I will at once proceed inside the hall,
	where Dinertach will swear me in as earl,
	and then commence a glorious feast. 
	For fifty seven days into the night,
	one day for every year upon his head,
	we all will come at length to trust our friends
	And in this way your trust will sure be won.
	Come inside! All! Bishop to your duty!
	
	
		
	