
FIRST CHRONICLES
1:1: Adam, Sheth, Enosh,
1:2: Kenan, Mahalaleel, Jered, 
1:3: Henoch, Methuselah, Lamech,
1:4: Noah, Shem, Ham, and Japheth. 
1:5: The sons of Japheth; Gomer, and Magog, and Madai, and Javan, and Tubal, and Meshech, and Tiras. 
1:6: And the sons of Gomer; Ashchenaz, and Riphath, and Togarmah.
1:7: And the sons of Javan; Elishah, and Tarshish, Kittim, and Dodanim.
1:8: The sons of Ham; Cush, and Mizraim, Put, and Canaan.
1:9: And the sons of Cush; Seba, and Havilah, and Sabta, and Raamah, and Sabtecha.  And the sons of Raamah; Sheba, and Dedan.
1:10: And Cush begat Nimrod: he began to be mighty upon the earth.
1:11: And Mizraim begat Ludim, and Anamim, and Lehabim, and Naphtuhim,
1:12: And Pathrusim, and Casluhim, (of whom came the Philistines,) and Caphthorim.
1:13: And Canaan begat Zidon his firstborn, and Heth,
1:14: The Jebusite also, and the Amorite, and the Girgashite,
1:15: And the Hivite, and the Arkite, and the Sinite,
1:16: And the Arvadite, and the Zemarite, and the Hamathite.
1:17: The sons of Shem; Elam, and Asshur, and Arphaxad, and Lud, and Aram, and Uz, and Hul, and Gether, and Meshech.
1:18: And Arphaxad begat Shelah, and Shelah begat Eber.
1:19: And unto Eber were born two sons: the name of the one was Peleg; because in his days the earth was divided: and his brother's name was Joktan.
1:20: And Joktan begat Almodad, and Sheleph, and Hazarmaveth, and Jerah,
1:21: Hadoram also, and Uzal, and Diklah,
1:22: And Ebal, and Abimael, and Sheba,
1:23: And Ophir, and Havilah, and Jobab.  All these were the sons of Joktan.
1:24: Shem, Arphaxad, Shelah,
1:25: Eber, Peleg, Reu, 
1:26: Serug, Nahor, Terah,
1:27: Abram; the same is Abraham. 
1:28: The sons of Abraham; Isaac, and Ishmael. 
1:29: These are their generations: The firstborn of Ishmael, Nebaioth; then Kedar, and Adbeel, and Mibsam,
1:30: Mishma and Dumah, Massa, Hadad, and Tema,
1:31: Jetur, Naphish, and Kedemah.  These are the sons of Ishmael.
1:32: Now the sons of Keturah, Abraham's concubine: she bare Zimran, and Jokshan, and Medan, and Midian, and Ishbak, and Shuah.  And the sons of Jokshan; Sheba, and Dedan.
1:33: And the sons of Midian; Ephah, and Epher, and Henoch, and Abida, and Eldaah.  All these are the sons of Keturah.
1:34: And Abraham begat Isaac.  The sons of Isaac; Esau and Israel.
1:35: The sons of Esau; Eliphaz, Reuel, and Jeush, and Jaalam, and Korah.
1:36: The sons of Eliphaz; Teman, and Omar, Zephi, and Gatam, Kenaz, and Timna, and Amalek.
1:37: The sons of Reuel; Nahath, Zerah, Shammah, and Mizzah.
1:38: And the sons of Seir; Lotan, and Shobal, and Zibeon, and Anah, and Dishon, and Ezer, and Dishan.
1:39: And the sons of Lothan; Hori, and Homam: and Timna was Lotan's sister.
1:40: The sons of Shobal; Alian, and Manahath, and Ebal, Shephi, and Onam.  And the sons of Zibeon; Aiah, and Anah.
1:41: The sons of Anah; Dishon.  And the sons of Dishon; Amram, and Eshban, and Ithran, and Cheran.
1:42: The sons of Ezer; Bilhan, and Zavan, and Jakan.  The sons of Dishan; Uz, and Aran.
1:43: Now these are the kings that reigned in the land of Edom before any king reigned over the children of Israel; Bela the son of Beor: and the name of his city was Dinhabah.
1:44: And when Bela was dead, Jobab the son of Zerah of Bozrah reigned in his stead.
1:45: And when Jobab was dead, Husham of the land of the Temanites reigned in his stead.
1:46: And when Husham was dead, Hadad the son of Bedad, which smote Midian in the field of Moab, reigned in his stead: and the name of his city was Avith.
1:47: And when Hadad was dead, Samlah of Masrekah reigned in his stead.
1:48: And when Samlah was dead, Shaul of Rehoboth by the river reigned in his stead. 
1:49: And when Shaul was dead, Baal-hanan the son of Achbor reigned in his stead.
1:50: And when Baal-hanan was dead, Hadad reigned in his stead: and the name of his city was Pai; and his wife's name was Mehetabel, the daughter of Matred, the daughter of Mezahab. 
1:51: Hadad died also.  And the dukes of Edom were; duke Timnah, duke Aliah, duke Jetheth, 
1:52: Duke Aholibamah, duke Elah, duke Pinon,
1:53: Duke Kenaz, duke Teman, duke Mibzar,
1:54: Duke Magdiel, duke Iram.  These are the dukes of Edom.
2:1: These are the sons of Israel; Reuben, Simeon, Levi, and Judah, Issachar, and Zebulun,
2:2: Dan, Joseph, and Benjamin, Naphtali, Gad, and Asher.
2:3: The sons of Judah; Er, and Onan, and Shelah: which three were born unto him of the daughter of Shua the Canaanitess.  And Er, the firstborn of Judah, was evil in the sight of the LORD; and he slew him.
2:4: And Tamar his daughter in law bare him Pharez and Zerah.  All the sons of Judah were five.
2:5: The sons of Pharez; Hezron, and Hamul.
2:6: And the sons of Zerah; Zimri, and Ethan, and Heman, and Calcol, and Dara: five of them in all.
2:7: And the sons of Carmi; Achar, the troubler of Israel, who transgressed in the thing accursed.
2:8: And the sons of Ethan; Azariah.
2:9: The sons also of Hezron, that were born unto him; Jerahmeel, and Ram, and Chelubai.
2:10: And Ram begat Amminadab; and Amminadab begat Nahshon, prince of the children of Judah;
2:11: And Nahshon begat Salma, and Salma begat Boaz,
2:12: And Boaz begat Obed, and Obed begat Jesse,
2:13: And Jesse begat his firstborn Eliab, and Abinadab the second, and Shimma the third,
2:14: Nethaneel the fourth, Raddai the fifth,
2:15: Ozem the sixth, David the seventh:
2:16: Whose sisters were Zeruiah, and Abigail.  And the sons of Zeruiah; Abishai, and Joab, and Asahel, three. 
2:17: And Abigail bare Amasa: and the father of Amasa was Jether the Ishmeelite.
2:18: And Caleb the son of Hezron begat children of Azubah his wife, and of Jerioth: her sons are these; Jesher, and Shobab, and Ardon. 
2:19: And when Azubah was dead, Caleb took unto him Ephrath, which bare him Hur. 
2:20: And Hur begat Uri, and Uri begat Bezaleel.
2:21: And afterward Hezron went in to the daughter of Machir the father of Gilead, whom he married when he was threescore years old; and she bare him Segub.
2:22: And Segub begat Jair, who had three and twenty cities in the land of Gilead.
2:23: And he took Geshur, and Aram, with the towns of Jair, from them, with Kenath, and the towns thereof, even threescore cities.  All these belonged to the sons of Machir the father of Gilead.
2:24: And after that Hezron was dead in Caleb-ephratah, then Abiah Hezron's wife bare him Ashur the father of Tekoa.
2:25: And the sons of Jerahmeel the firstborn of Hezron were, Ram the firstborn, and Bunah, and Oren, and Ozem, and Ahijah.
2:26: Jerahmeel had also another wife, whose name was Atarah; she was the mother of Onam.
2:27: And the sons of Ram the firstborn of Jerahmeel were, Maaz, and Jamin, and Eker.
2:28: And the sons of Onam were, Shammai, and Jada.  And the sons of Shammai; Nadab, and Abishur.
2:29: And the name of the wife of Abishur was Abihail, and she bare him Ahban, and Molid.
2:30: And the sons of Nadab; Seled, and Appaim: but Seled died without children.
2:31: And the sons of Appaim; Ishi.  And the sons of Ishi; Sheshan.  And the children of Sheshan; Ahlai.
2:32: And the sons of Jada the brother of Shammai; Jether and Jonathan: and Jether died without children.
2:33: And the sons of Jonathan; Peleth, and Zaza.  These were the sons of Jerahmeel.
2:34: Now Sheshan had no sons, but daughters.  And Sheshan had a servant, an Egyptian, whose name was Jarha.
2:35: And Sheshan gave his daughter to Jarha his servant to wife; and she bare him Attai.
2:36: And Attai begat Nathan, and Nathan begat Zabad,
2:37: And Zabad begat Ephlal, and Ephlal begat Obed,
2:38: And Obed begat Jehu, and Jehu begat Azariah,
2:39: And Azariah begat Helez, and Helez begat Eleasah, 
2:40: And Eleasah begat Sisamai, and Sisamai begat Shallum,
2:41: And Shallum begat Jekamiah, and Jekamiah begat Elishama. 
2:42: Now the sons of Caleb the brother of Jerahmeel were, Mesha his firstborn, which was the father of Ziph; and the sons of Mareshah the father of Hebron. 
2:43: And the sons of Hebron; Korah, and Tappuah, and Rekem, and Shema.
2:44: And Shema begat Raham, the father of Jorkoam: and Rekem begat Shammai.
2:45: And the son of Shammai was Maon: and Maon was the father of Beth-zur.
2:46: And Ephah, Caleb's concubine, bare Haran, and Moza, and Gazez: and Haran begat Gazez.
2:47: And the sons of Jahdai; Regem, and Jotham, and Geshan, and Pelet, and Ephah, and Shaaph.
2:48: Maachah, Caleb's concubine, bare Sheber, and Tirhanah.
2:49: She bare also Shaaph the father of Madmannah, Sheva the father of Machbenah, and the father of Gibea: and the daughter of Caleb was Achsah.
2:50: These were the sons of Caleb the son of Hur, the firstborn of Ephratah; Shobal the father of Kirjath-jearim,
2:51: Salma the father of Bethlehem, Hareph the father of Beth-gader.
2:52: And Shobal the father of Kirjath-jearim had sons; Haroeh, and half of the Manahethites.
2:53: And the families of Kirjath-jearim; the Ithrites, and the Puhites, and the Shumathites, and the Mishraites; of them came the Zareathites, and the Eshtaulites.
2:54: The sons of Salma; Bethlehem, and the Netophathites, Ataroth, the house of Joab, and half of the Manahethites, the Zorites.
2:55: And the families of the scribes which dwelt at Jabez; the Tirathites, the Shimeathites, and Suchathites.  These are the Kenites that came of Hemath, the father of the house of Rechab.
3:1: Now these were the sons of David, which were born unto him in Hebron; the firstborn Amnon, of Ahinoam the Jezreelitess; the second Daniel, of Abigail the Carmelitess:
3:2: The third, Absalom the son of Maachah the daughter of Talmai king of Geshur: the fourth, Adonijah the son of Haggith:
3:3: The fifth, Shephatiah of Abital: the sixth, Ithream by Eglah his wife.
3:4: These six were born unto him in Hebron; and there he reigned seven years and six months: and in Jerusalem he reigned thirty and three years.
3:5: And these were born unto him in Jerusalem; Shimea, and Shobab, and Nathan, and Solomon, four, of Bath-shua the daughter of Ammiel:
3:6: Ibhar also, and Elishama, and Eliphelet, 
3:7: And Nogah, and Nepheg, and Japhia,
3:8: And Elishama, and Eliada, and Eliphelet, nine. 
3:9: These were all the sons of David, beside the sons of the concubines, and Tamar their sister. 
3:10: And Solomon's son was Rehoboam, Abia his son, Asa his son, Jehoshaphat his son,
3:11: Joram his son, Ahaziah his son, Joash his son,
3:12: Amaziah his son, Azariah his son, Jotham his son,
3:13: Ahaz his son, Hezekiah his son, Manasseh his son,
3:14: Amon his son, Josiah his son.
3:15: And the sons of Josiah were, the firstborn Johanan, the second Jehoiakim, the third Zedekiah, the fourth Shallum.
3:16: And the sons of Jehoiakim: Jeconiah his son, Zedekiah his son.
3:17: And the sons of Jeconiah; Assir, Salathiel his son,
3:18: Malchiram also, and Pedaiah, and Shenazar, Jecamiah, Hoshama, and Nedabiah.
3:19: And the sons of Pedaiah were, Zerubbabel, and Shimei: and the sons of Zerubbabel; Meshullam, and Hananiah, and Shelomith their sister:
3:20: And Hashubah, and Ohel, and Berechiah, and Hasadiah, Jushab-hesed, five.
3:21: And the sons of Hananiah; Pelatiah, and Jesaiah: the sons of Rephaiah, the sons of Arnan, the sons of Obadiah, the sons of Shechaniah.
3:22: And the sons of Shechaniah; Shemaiah; and the sons of Shemaiah; Hattush, and Igeal, and Bariah, and Neariah, and Shaphat, six.
3:23: And the sons of Neariah; Elioenai, and Hezekiah, and Azrikam, three.
3:24: And the sons of Elioenai were, Hodaiah, and Eliashib, and Pelaiah, and Akkub, and Johanan, and Dalaiah, and Anani, seven.
4:1: The sons of Judah; Pharez, Hezron, and Carmi, and Hur, and Shobal.
4:2: And Reaiah the son of Shobal begat Jahath; and Jahath begat Ahumai and Lahad.  These are the families of the Zorathites.
4:3: And these were of the father of Etam; Jezreel, and Ishma, and Idbash: and the name of their sister was Hazelelponi:
4:4: And Penuel the father of Gedor and Ezer the father of Hushah.  These are the sons of Hur, the firstborn of Ephratah, the father of Bethlehem. 
4:5: And Ashur the father of Tekoa had two wives, Helah and Naarah.
4:6: And Naarah bare him Ahuzam, and Hepher, and Temeni, and Haahashtari.  These were the sons of Naarah. 
4:7: And the sons of Helah were, Zereth, and Jezoar, and Ethnan. 
4:8: And Coz begat Anub, and Zobebah, and the families of Aharhel the son of Harum.
4:9: And Jabez was more honourable than his brethren: and his mother called his name Jabez, saying, Because I bare him with sorrow.
4:10: And Jabez called on the God of Israel, saying, Oh that thou wouldest bless me indeed, and enlarge my coast, and that thine hand might be with me, and that thou wouldest keep me from evil, that it may not grieve me!  And God granted him that which he requested.
4:11: And Chelub the brother of Shuah begat Mehir, which was the father of Eshton.
4:12: And Eshton begat Beth-rapha, and Paseah, and Tehinnah the father of Ir-nahash.  These are the men of Rechah.
4:13: And the sons of Kenaz; Othniel, and Seraiah: and the sons of Othniel; Hathath.
4:14: And Meonothai begat Ophrah: and Seraiah begat Joab, the father of the valley of Charashim; for they were craftsmen.
4:15: And the sons of Caleb the son of Jephunneh; Iru, Elah, and Naam: and the sons of Elah, even Kenaz.
4:16: And the sons of Jehaleleel; Ziph, and Ziphah, Tiria, and Asareel.
4:17: And the sons of Ezra were, Jether, and Mered, and Epher, and Jalon: and she bare Miriam, and Shammai, and Ishbah the father of Eshtemoa.
4:18: And his wife Jehudiajah bare Jered the father of Gedor, and Heber the father of Socho, and Jekuthiel the father of Zanoah.  And these are the sons of Bithiah the daughter of Pharaoh, which Mered took.
4:19: And the sons of his wife Hodiah the sister of Naham, the father of Keilah the Garmite, and Eshtemoa the Maachathite.
4:20: And the sons of Shimon were, Amnon, and Rinnah, Ben-hanan, and Tilon.  And the sons of Ishi were, Zoheth, and Ben-zoheth.
4:21: The sons of Shelah the son of Judah were, Er the father of Lecah, and Laadah the father of Mareshah, and the families of the house of them that wrought fine linen, of the house of Ashbea,
4:22: And Jokim, and the men of Chozeba, and Joash, and Saraph, who had the dominion in Moab, and Jashubi-lehem.  And these are ancient things.
4:23: These were the potters, and those that dwelt among plants and hedges: there they dwelt with the king for his work.
4:24: The sons of Simeon were, Nemuel, and Jamin, Jarib, Zerah, and Shaul:
4:25: Shallum his son, Mibsam his son, Mishma his son.
4:26: And the sons of Mishma; Hamuel his son, Zachur his son, Shimei his son.
4:27: And Shimei had sixteen sons and six daughters; but his brethren had not many children, neither did all their family multiply, like to the children of Judah. 
4:28: And they dwelt at Beer-sheba, and Moladah, and Hazar-shual,
4:29: And at Bilhah, and at Ezem, and at Tolad, 
4:30: And at Bethuel, and at Hormah, and at Ziklag, 
4:31: And at Beth-marcaboth, and Hazar-susim, and at Beth-birei, and at Shaaraim.  These were their cities unto the reign of David.
4:32: And their villages were, Etam, and Ain, Rimmon, and Tochen, and Ashan, five cities:
4:33: And all their villages that were round about the same cities, unto Baal.  These were their habitations, and their genealogy.
4:34: And Meshobab, and Jamlech, and Joshah the son of Amaziah,
4:35: And Joel, and Jehu the son of Josibiah, the son of Seraiah, the son of Asiel,
4:36: And Elioenai, and Jaakobah, and Jeshohaiah, and Asaiah, and Adiel, and Jesimiel, and Benaiah,
4:37: And Ziza the son of Shiphi, the son of Allon, the son of Jedaiah, the son of Shimri, the son of Shemaiah;
4:38: These mentioned by their names were princes in their families: and the house of their fathers increased greatly.
4:39: And they went to the entrance of Gedor, even unto the east side of the valley, to seek pasture for their flocks.
4:40: And they found fat pasture and good, and the land was wide, and quiet, and peaceable; for they of Ham had dwelt there of old.
4:41: And these written by name came in the days of Hezekiah king of Judah, and smote their tents, and the habitations that were found there, and destroyed them utterly unto this day, and dwelt in their rooms: because there was pasture there for their flocks.
4:42: And some of them, even of the sons of Simeon, five hundred men, went to mount Seir, having for their captains Pelatiah, and Neariah, and Rephaiah, and Uzziel, the sons of Ishi.
4:43: And they smote the rest of the Amalekites that were escaped, and dwelt there unto this day.
5:1: Now the sons of Reuben the firstborn of Israel, (for he was the firstborn; but, forasmuch as he defiled his father's bed, his birthright was given unto the sons of Joseph the son of Israel: and the genealogy is not to be reckoned after the birthright.
5:2: For Judah prevailed above his brethren, and of him came the chief ruler; but the birthright was Joseph's:)
5:3: The sons, I say, of Reuben the firstborn of Israel were, Hannoch, and Pallu, Hezron, and Carmi.
5:4: The sons of Joel; Shemaiah his son, Gog his son, Shimei his son,
5:5: Micah his son, Reaia his son, Baal his son,
5:6: Beerah his son, whom Tilgath-pilneser king of Assyria carried away captive: he was prince of the Reubenites. 
5:7: And his brethren by their families, when the genealogy of their generations was reckoned, were the chief, Jeiel, and Zechariah,
5:8: And Bela the son of Azaz, the son of Shema, the son of Joel, who dwelt in Aroer, even unto Nebo and Baal-meon: 
5:9: And eastward he inhabited unto the entering in of the wilderness from the river Euphrates: because their cattle were multiplied in the land of Gilead. 
5:10: And in the days of Saul they made war with the Hagarites, who fell by their hand: and they dwelt in their tents throughout all the east land of Gilead.
5:11: And the children of Gad dwelt over against them, in the land of Bashan unto Salchah:
5:12: Joel the chief, and Shapham the next, and Jaanai, and Shaphat in Bashan.
5:13: And their brethren of the house of their fathers were, Michael, and Meshullam, and Sheba, and Jorai, and Jachan, and Zia, and Heber, seven.
5:14: These are the children of Abihail the son of Huri, the son of Jaroah, the son of Gilead, the son of Michael, the son of Jeshishai, the son of Jahdo, the son of Buz;
5:15: Ahi the son of Abdiel, the son of Guni, chief of the house of their fathers.
5:16: And they dwelt in Gilead in Bashan, and in her towns, and in all the suburbs of Sharon, upon their borders.
5:17: All these were reckoned by genealogies in the days of Jotham king of Judah, and in the days of Jeroboam king of Israel.
5:18: The sons of Reuben, and the Gadites, and half the tribe of Manasseh, of valiant men, men able to bear buckler and sword, and to shoot with bow, and skilful in war, were four and forty thousand seven hundred and threescore, that went out to the war.
5:19: And they made war with the Hagarites, with Jetur, and Nephish, and Nodab.
5:20: And they were helped against them, and the Hagarites were delivered into their hand, and all that were with them: for they cried to God in the battle, and he was intreated of them; because they put their trust in him.
5:21: And they took away their cattle; of their camels fifty thousand, and of sheep two hundred and fifty thousand, and of asses two thousand, and of men an hundred thousand.
5:22: For there fell down many slain, because the war was of God.  And they dwelt in their steads until the captivity.
5:23: And the children of the half tribe of Manasseh dwelt in the land: they increased from Bashan unto Baal-hermon and Senir, and unto mount Hermon.
5:24: And these were the heads of the house of their fathers, even Epher, and Ishi, and Eliel, and Azriel, and Jeremiah, and Hodaviah, and Jahdiel, mighty men of valour, famous men, and heads of the house of their fathers.
5:25: And they transgressed against the God of their fathers, and went a whoring after the gods of the people of the land, whom God destroyed before them.
5:26: And the God of Israel stirred up the spirit of Pul king of Assyria, and the spirit of Tilgath-pilneser king of Assyria, and he carried them away, even the Reubenites, and the Gadites, and the half tribe of Manasseh, and brought them unto Halah, and Habor, and Hara, and to the river Gozan, unto this day.
6:1: The sons of Levi; Gershon, Kohath, and Merari.
6:2: And the sons of Kohath; Amram, Izhar, and Hebron, and Uzziel. 
6:3: And the children of Amram; Aaron, and Moses, and Miriam.  The sons also of Aaron; Nadab, and Abihu, Eleazar, and Ithamar.
6:4: Eleazar begat Phinehas, Phinehas begat Abishua, 
6:5: And Abishua begat Bukki, and Bukki begat Uzzi, 
6:6: And Uzzi begat Zerahiah, and Zerahiah begat Meraioth,
6:7: Meraioth begat Amariah, and Amariah begat Ahitub,
6:8: And Ahitub begat Zadok, and Zadok begat Ahimaaz,
6:9: And Ahimaaz begat Azariah, and Azariah begat Johanan,
6:10: And Johanan begat Azariah, (he it is that executed the priest's office in the temple that Solomon built in Jerusalem:)
6:11: And Azariah begat Amariah, and Amariah begat Ahitub,
6:12: And Ahitub begat Zadok, and Zadok begat Shallum,
6:13: And Shallum begat Hilkiah, and Hilkiah begat Azariah,
6:14: And Azariah begat Seraiah, and Seraiah begat Jehozadak,
6:15: And Jehozadak went into captivity, when the LORD carried away Judah and Jerusalem by the hand of Nebuchadnezzar.
6:16: The sons of Levi; Gershom, Kohath, and Merari.
6:17: And these be the names of the sons of Gershom; Libni, and Shimei.
6:18: And the sons of Kohath were, Amram, and Izhar, and Hebron, and Uzziel.
6:19: The sons of Merari; Mahli, and Mushi.  And these are the families of the Levites according to their fathers.
6:20: Of Gershom; Libni his son, Jahath his son, Zimmah his son,
6:21: Joah his son, Iddo his son, Zerah his son, Jeaterai his son.
6:22: The sons of Kohath; Amminadab his son, Korah his son, Assir his son,
6:23: Elkanah his son, and Ebiasaph his son, and Assir his son,
6:24: Tahath his son, Uriel his son, Uzziah his son, and Shaul his son.
6:25: And the sons of Elkanah; Amasai, and Ahimoth. 
6:26: As for Elkanah: the sons of Elkanah; Zophai his son, and Nahath his son,
6:27: Eliab his son, Jeroham his son, Elkanah his son. 
6:28: And the sons of Samuel; the firstborn Vashni, and Abiah. 
6:29: The sons of Merari; Mahli, Libni his son, Shimei his son, Uzza his son,
6:30: Shimea his son, Haggiah his son, Asaiah his son.
6:31: And these are they whom David set over the service of song in the house of the LORD, after that the ark had rest.
6:32: And they ministered before the dwelling place of the tabernacle of the congregation with singing, until Solomon had built the house of the LORD in Jerusalem: and then they waited on their office according to their order.
6:33: And these are they that waited with their children.  Of the sons of the Kohathites: Heman a singer, the son of Joel, the son of Shemuel,
6:34: The son of Elkanah, the son of Jeroham, the son of Eliel, the son of Toah,
6:35: The son of Zuph, the son of Elkanah, the son of Mahath, the son of Amasai,
6:36: The son of Elkanah, the son of Joel, the son of Azariah, the son of Zephaniah,
6:37: The son of Tahath, the son of Assir, the son of Ebiasaph, the son of Korah,
6:38: The son of Izhar, the son of Kohath, the son of Levi, the son of Israel.
6:39: And his brother Asaph, who stood on his right hand, even Asaph the son of Berachiah, the son of Shimea,
6:40: The son of Michael, the son of Baaseiah, the son of Malchiah, 
6:41: The son of Ethni, the son of Zerah, the son of Adaiah,
6:42: The son of Ethan, the son of Zimmah, the son of Shimei, 
6:43: The son of Jahath, the son of Gershom, the son of Levi. 
6:44: And their brethren the sons of Merari stood on the left hand: Ethan the son of Kishi, the son of Abdi, the son of Malluch,
6:45: The son of Hashabiah, the son of Amaziah, the son of Hilkiah,
6:46: The son of Amzi, the son of Bani, the son of Shamer,
6:47: The son of Mahli, the son of Mushi, the son of Merari, the son of Levi.
6:48: Their brethren also the Levites were appointed unto all manner of service of the tabernacle of the house of God.
6:49: But Aaron and his sons offered upon the altar of the burnt offering, and on the altar of incense, and were appointed for all the work of the place most holy, and to make an atonement for Israel, according to all that Moses the servant of God had commanded.
6:50: And these are the sons of Aaron; Eleazar his son, Phinehas his son, Abishua his son,
6:51: Bukki his son, Uzzi his son, Zerahiah his son,
6:52: Meraioth his son, Amariah his son, Ahitub his son,
6:53: Zadok his son, Ahimaaz his son.
6:54: Now these are their dwelling places throughout their castles in their coasts, of the sons of Aaron, of the families of the Kohathites: for theirs was the lot.
6:55: And they gave them Hebron in the land of Judah, and the suburbs thereof round about it.
6:56: But the fields of the city, and the villages thereof, they gave to Caleb the son of Jephunneh.
6:57: And to the sons of Aaron they gave the cities of Judah, namely, Hebron, the city of refuge, and Libnah with her suburbs, and Jattir, and Eshtemoa, with their suburbs,
6:58: And Hilen with her suburbs, Debir with her suburbs,
6:59: And Ashan with her suburbs, and Beth-shemesh with her suburbs:
6:60: And out of the tribe of Benjamin; Geba with her suburbs, and Alemeth with her suburbs, and Anathoth with her suburbs.  All their cities throughout their families were thirteen cities.
6:61: And unto the sons of Kohath, which were left of the family of that tribe, were cities given out of the half tribe, namely, out of the half tribe of Manasseh, by lot, ten cities.
6:62: And to the sons of Gershom throughout their families out of the tribe of Issachar, and out of the tribe of Asher, and out of the tribe of Naphtali, and out of the tribe of Manasseh in Bashan, thirteen cities.
6:63: Unto the sons of Merari were given by lot, throughout their families, out of the tribe of Reuben, and out of the tribe of Gad, and out of the tribe of Zebulun, twelve cities. 
6:64: And the children of Israel gave to the Levites these cities with their suburbs.
6:65: And they gave by lot out of the tribe of the children of Judah, and out of the tribe of the children of Simeon, and out of the tribe of the children of Benjamin, these cities, which are called by their names. 
6:66: And the residue of the families of the sons of Kohath had cities of their coasts out of the tribe of Ephraim. 
6:67: And they gave unto them, of the cities of refuge, Shechem in mount Ephraim with her suburbs; they gave also Gezer with her suburbs,
6:68: And Jokmeam with her suburbs, and Beth-horon with her suburbs,
6:69: And Aijalon with her suburbs, and Gath-rimmon with her suburbs:
6:70: And out of the half tribe of Manasseh; Aner with her suburbs, and Bileam with her suburbs, for the family of the remnant of the sons of Kohath.
6:71: Unto the sons of Gershom were given out of the family of the half tribe of Manasseh, Golan in Bashan with her suburbs, and Ashtaroth with her suburbs:
6:72: And out of the tribe of Issachar; Kedesh with her suburbs, Daberath with her suburbs,
6:73: And Ramoth with her suburbs, and Anem with her suburbs:
6:74: And out of the tribe of Asher; Mashal with her suburbs, and Abdon with her suburbs,
6:75: And Hukok with her suburbs, and Rehob with her suburbs:
6:76: And out of the tribe of Naphtali; Kedesh in Galilee with her suburbs, and Hammon with her suburbs, and Kirjathaim with her suburbs.
6:77: Unto the rest of the children of Merari were given out of the tribe of Zebulun.  Rimmon with her suburbs, Tabor with her suburbs:
6:78: And on the other side Jordan by Jericho, on the east side of Jordan, were given them out of the tribe of Reuben, Bezer in the wilderness with her suburbs, and Jahzah with her suburbs,
6:79: Kedemoth also with her suburbs, and Mephaath with her suburbs:
6:80: And out of the tribe of Gad; Ramoth in Gilead with her suburbs, and Mahanaim with her suburbs,
6:81: And Heshbon with her suburbs, and Jazer with her suburbs.
7:1: Now the sons of Issachar were, Tola, and Puah, Jashub, and Shimron, four.
7:2: And the sons of Tola; Uzzi, and Rephaiah, and Jeriel, and Jahmai, and Jibsam, and Shemuel, heads of their father's house, to wit, of Tola: they were valiant men of might in their generations; whose number was in the days of David two and twenty thousand and six hundred.
7:3: And the sons of Uzzi; Izrahiah: and the sons of Izrahiah; Michael, and Obadiah, and Joel, Ishiah, five: all of them chief men.
7:4: And with them, by their generations, after the house of their fathers, were bands of soldiers for war, six and thirty thousand men: for they had many wives and sons. 
7:5: And their brethren among all the families of Issachar were valiant men of might, reckoned in all by their genealogies fourscore and seven thousand.
7:6: The sons of Benjamin; Bela, and Becher, and Jediael, three 
7:7: And the sons of Bela; Ezbon, and Uzzi, and Uzziel, and Jerimoth, and Iri, five; heads of the house of their fathers, mighty men of valour; and were reckoned by their genealogies twenty and two thousand and thirty and four. 
7:8: And the sons of Becher; Zemira, and Joash, and Eliezer, and Elioenai, and Omri, and Jerimoth, and Abiah, and Anathoth, and Alameth.  All these are the sons of Becher.
7:9: And the number of them, after their genealogy by their generations, heads of the house of the fathers, mighty men of valour, was twenty thousand and two hundred.
7:10: The sons also of Jediael; Bilhan: and the sons of Bilhan; Jeush, and Benjamin, and Ehud, and Chenaanah, and Zethan, and Tharshish, and Ahishahar.
7:11: All these the sons of Jediael, by the heads of their fathers, mighty men of valour, were seventeen thousand and two hundred soldiers, fit to go out for war and battle.
7:12: Shuppim also, and Huppim, the children of Ir, and Hushim, the sons of Aher.
7:13: The sons of Naphtali; Jahziel, and Guni, and Jezer, and Shallum, the sons of Bilhah.
7:14: The sons of Manasseh; Ashriel, whom she bare: (but his concubine the Aramitess bare Machir the father of Gilead:
7:15: And Machir took to wife the sister of Huppim and Shuppim, whose sister's name was Maachah;) and the name of the second was Zelophehad: and Zelophehad had daughters.
7:16: And Maachah the wife of Machir bare a son, and she called his name Peresh; and the name of his brother was Sheresh; and his sons were Ulam and Rakem.
7:17: And the sons of Ulam; Bedan.  These were the sons of Gilead, the son of Machir, the son of Manasseh.
7:18: And his sister Hammoleketh bare Ishod, and Abiezer, and Mahalah.
7:19: And the sons of Shemida were, Ahian, and Shechem, and Likhi, and Aniam.
7:20: And the sons of Ephraim; Shuthelah, and Bered his son, and Tahath his son, and Eladah his son, and Tahath his son,
7:21: And Zabad his son, and Shuthelah his son, and Ezer, and Elead, whom the men of Gath that were born in that land slew, because they came down to take away their cattle.
7:22: And Ephraim their father mourned many days, and his brethren came to comfort him.
7:23: And when he went in to his wife, she conceived, and bare a son, and he called his name Beriah, because it went evil with his house.
7:24: (And his daughter was Sherah, who built Beth-horon the nether, and the upper, and Uzzen-sherah.)
7:25: And Rephah was his son, also Resheph, and Telah his son, and Tahan his son,
7:26: Laadan his son, Ammihud his son, Elishama his son,
7:27: Non his son, Jehoshua his son. 
7:28: And their possessions and habitations were, Bethel and the towns thereof, and eastward Naaran, and westward Gezer, with the towns thereof; Shechem also and the towns thereof, unto Gaza and the towns thereof:
7:29: And by the borders of the children of Manasseh, Beth-shean and her towns, Taanach and her towns, Megiddo and her towns, Dor and her towns.  In these dwelt the children of Joseph the son of Israel. 
7:30: The sons of Asher; Imnah, and Isuah, and Ishuai, and Beriah, and Serah their sister. 
7:31: And the sons of Beriah; Heber, and Malchiel, who is the father of Birzavith.
7:32: And Heber begat Japhlet, and Shomer, and Hotham, and Shua their sister.
7:33: And the sons of Japhlet; Pasach, and Bimhal, and Ashvath.  These are the children of Japhlet.
7:34: And the sons of Shamer; Ahi, and Rohgah, Jehubbah, and Aram.
7:35: And the sons of his brother Helem; Zophah, and Imna, and Shelesh, and Amal.
7:36: The sons of Zophah; Suah, and Harnepher, and Shual, and Beri, and Imrah,
7:37: Bezer, and Hod, and Shamma and Shilshah, and Ithran, and Beera.
7:38: And the sons of Jether; Jephunneh, and Pispah, and Ara.
7:39: And the sons of Ulla; Arah, and Haniel, and Rezia.
7:40: All these were the children of Asher, heads of their father's house, choice and mighty men of valour, chief of the princes.  And the number throughout the genealogy of them that were apt to the war and to battle was twenty and six thousand men.
8:1: Now Benjamin begat Bela his firstborn, Ashbel the second, and Aharah the third,
8:2: Nohah the fourth, and Rapha the fifth.
8:3: And the sons of Bela were, Addar, and Gera, and Abihud,
8:4: And Abishua, and Naaman, and Ahoah,
8:5: And Gera, and Shephuphan, and Huram.
8:6: And these are the sons of Ehud: these are the heads of the fathers of the inhabitants of Geba, and they removed them to Manahath:
8:7: And Naaman, and Ahiah, and Gera, he removed them, and begat Uzza, and Ahihud.
8:8: And Shaharaim begat children in the country of Moab, after he had sent them away; Hushim and Baara were his wives.
8:9: And he begat of Hodesh his wife, Jobab, and Zibia, and Mesha, and Malcham, 
8:10: And Jeuz, and Shachia, and Mirma.  These were his sons, heads of the fathers.
8:11: And of Hushim he begat Abitub, and Elpaal. 
8:12: The sons of Elpaal; Eber, and Misham, and Shamed, who built Ono, and Lod, with the towns thereof: 
8:13: Beriah also, and Shema, who were heads of the fathers of the inhabitants of Aijalon, who drove away the inhabitants of Gath:
8:14: And Ahio, Shashak, and Jeremoth,
8:15: And Zebadiah, and Arad, and Ader,
8:16: And Michael, and Ispah, and Joha, the sons of Beriah;
8:17: And Zebadiah, and Meshullam, and Hezeki, and Heber,
8:18: Ishmerai also, and Jezliah, and Jobab, the sons of Elpaal;
8:19: And Jakim, and Zichri, and Zabdi,
8:20: And Elienai, and Zilthai, and Eliel,
8:21: And Adaiah, and Beraiah, and Shimrath, the sons of Shimhi;
8:22: And Ishpan, and Heber, and Eliel,
8:23: And Abdon, and Zichri, and Hanan,
8:24: And Hananiah, and Elam, and Antothijah,
8:25: And Iphedeiah, and Penuel, the sons of Shashak;
8:26: And Shamsherai, and Shehariah, and Athaliah,
8:27: And Jaresiah, and Eliah, and Zichri, the sons of Jeroham.
8:28: These were heads of the fathers, by their generations, chief men.  These dwelt in Jerusalem.
8:29: And at Gibeon dwelt the father of Gibeon; whose wife's name was Maachah:
8:30: And his firstborn son Abdon, and Zur, and Kish, and Baal, and Nadab,
8:31: And Gedor, and Ahio, and Zacher.
8:32: And Mikloth begat Shimeah.  And these also dwelt with their brethren in Jerusalem, over against them.
8:33: And Ner begat Kish, and Kish begat Saul, and Saul begat Jonathan, and Malchi-shua, and Abinadab, and Esh-baal.
8:34: And the son of Jonathan was Merib-baal; and Merib-baal begat Micah. 
8:35: And the sons of Micah were, Pithon, and Melech, and Tarea, and Ahaz.
8:36: And Ahaz begat Jehoadah; and Jehoadah begat Alemeth, and Azmaveth, and Zimri; and Zimri begat Moza, 
8:37: And Moza begat Binea: Rapha was his son, Eleasah his son, Azel his son: 
8:38: And Azel had six sons, whose names are these, Azrikam, Bocheru, and Ishmael, and Sheariah, and Obadiah, and Hanan.  All these were the sons of Azel.
8:39: And the sons of Eshek his brother were, Ulam his firstborn, Jehush the second, and Eliphelet the third.
8:40: And the sons of Ulam were mighty men of valour, archers, and had many sons, and sons' sons, an hundred and fifty.  All these are of the sons of Benjamin.
9:1: So all Israel were reckoned by genealogies; and, behold, they were written in the book of the kings of Israel and Judah, who were carried away to Babylon for their transgression.
9:2: Now the first inhabitants that dwelt in their possessions in their cities were, the Israelites, the priests, Levites, and the Nethinims.
9:3: And in Jerusalem dwelt of the children of Judah, and of the children of Benjamin, and of the children of Ephraim, and Manasseh;
9:4: Uthai the son of Ammihud, the son of Omri, the son of Imri, the son of Bani, of the children of Pharez the son of Judah.
9:5: And of the Shilonites; Asaiah the firstborn, and his sons.
9:6: And of the sons of Zerah; Jeuel, and their brethren, six hundred and ninety.
9:7: And of the sons of Benjamin; Sallu the son of Meshullam, the son of Hodaviah, the son of Hasenuah,
9:8: And Ibneiah the son of Jeroham, and Elah the son of Uzzi, the son of Michri, and Meshullam the son of Shephathiah, the son of Reuel, the son of Ibnijah;
9:9: And their brethren, according to their generations, nine hundred and fifty and six.  All these men were chief of the fathers in the house of their fathers.
9:10: And of the priests; Jedaiah, and Jehoiarib, and Jachin,
9:11: And Azariah the son of Hilkiah, the son of Meshullam, the son of Zadok, the son of Meraioth, the son of Ahitub, the ruler of the house of God;
9:12: And Adaiah the son of Jeroham, the son of Pashur, the son of Malchijah, and Maasiai the son of Adiel, the son of Jahzerah, the son of Meshullam, the son of Meshillemith, the son of Immer;
9:13: And their brethren, heads of the house of their fathers, a thousand and seven hundred and threescore; very able men for the work of the service of the house of God.
9:14: And of the Levites; Shemaiah the son of Hasshub, the son of Azrikam, the son of Hashabiah, of the sons of Merari;
9:15: And Bakbakkar, Heresh, and Galal, and Mattaniah the son of Micah, the son of Zichri, the son of Asaph;
9:16: And Obadiah the son of Shemaiah, the son of Galal, the son of Jeduthun, and Berechiah the son of Asa, the son of Elkanah, that dwelt in the villages of the Netophathites. 
9:17: And the porters were, Shallum, and Akkub, and Talmon, and Ahiman, and their brethren: Shallum was the chief;
9:18: Who hitherto waited in the king's gate eastward: they were porters in the companies of the children of Levi. 
9:19: And Shallum the son of Kore, the son of Ebiasaph, the son of Korah, and his brethren, of the house of his father, the Korahites, were over the work of the service, keepers of the gates of the tabernacle: and their fathers, being over the host of the LORD, were keepers of the entry. 
9:20: And Phinehas the son of Eleazar was the ruler over them in time past, and the LORD was with him.
9:21: And Zechariah the son of Meshelemiah was porter of the door of the tabernacle of the congregation.
9:22: All these which were chosen to be porters in the gates were two hundred and twelve.  These were reckoned by their genealogy in their villages, whom David and Samuel the seer did ordain in their set office.
9:23: So they and their children had the oversight of the gates of the house of the LORD, namely, the house of the tabernacle, by wards.
9:24: In four quarters were the porters, toward the east, west, north, and south.
9:25: And their brethren, which were in their villages, were to come after seven days from time to time with them.
9:26: For these Levites, the four chief porters, were in their set office, and were over the chambers and treasuries of the house of God.
9:27: And they lodged round about the house of God, because the charge was upon them, and the opening thereof every morning pertained to them.
9:28: And certain of them had the charge of the ministering vessels, that they should bring them in and out by tale.
9:29: Some of them also were appointed to oversee the vessels, and all the instruments of the sanctuary, and the fine flour, and the wine, and the oil, and the frankincense, and the spices.
9:30: And some of the sons of the priests made the ointment of the spices.
9:31: And Mattithiah, one of the Levites, who was the firstborn of Shallum the Korahite, had the set office over the things that were made in the pans.
9:32: And other of their brethren, of the sons of the Kohathites, were over the shewbread, to prepare it every sabbath.
9:33: And these are the singers, chief of the fathers of the Levites, who remaining in the chambers were free: for they were employed in that work day and night.
9:34: These chief fathers of the Levites were chief throughout their generations; these dwelt at Jerusalem.
9:35: And in Gibeon dwelt the father of Gibeon, Jehiel, whose wife's name was Maachah:
9:36: And his firstborn son Abdon, then Zur, and Kish, and Baal, and Ner, and Nadab,
9:37: And Gedor, and Ahio, and Zechariah, and Mikloth.
9:38: And Mikloth begat Shimeam.  And they also dwelt with their brethren at Jerusalem, over against their brethren.
9:39: And Ner begat Kish; and Kish begat Saul; and Saul begat Jonathan, and Malchi-shua, and Abinadab, and Esh-baal. 
9:40: And the son of Jonathan was Merib-baal: and Merib-baal begat Micah.
9:41: And the sons of Micah were, Pithon, and Melech, and Tahrea, and Ahaz. 
9:42: And Ahaz begat Jarah; and Jarah begat Alemeth, and Azmaveth, and Zimri; and Zimri begat Moza; 
9:43: And Moza begat Binea; and Rephaiah his son, Eleasah his son, Azel his son.
9:44: And Azel had six sons, whose names are these, Azrikam, Bocheru, and Ishmael, and Sheariah, and Obadiah, and Hanan: these were the sons of Azel.
10:1: Now the Philistines fought against Israel; and the men of Israel fled from before the Philistines, and fell down slain in mount Gilboa.
10:2: And the Philistines followed hard after Saul, and after his sons; and the Philistines slew Jonathan, and Abinadab, and Malchi-shua, the sons of Saul.
10:3: And the battle went sore against Saul, and the archers hit him, and he was wounded of the archers.
10:4: Then said Saul to his armourbearer, Draw thy sword, and thrust me through therewith; lest these uncircumcised come and abuse me.  But his armourbearer would not; for he was sore afraid.  So Saul took a sword, and fell upon it.
10:5: And when his armourbearer saw that Saul was dead, he fell likewise on the sword, and died.
10:6: So Saul died, and his three sons, and all his house died together.
10:7: And when all the men of Israel that were in the valley saw that they fled, and that Saul and his sons were dead, then they forsook their cities, and fled: and the Philistines came and dwelt in them.
10:8: And it came to pass on the morrow, when the Philistines came to strip the slain, that they found Saul and his sons fallen in mount Gilboa.
10:9: And when they had stripped him, they took his head, and his armour, and sent into the land of the Philistines round about, to carry tidings unto their idols, and to the people.
10:10: And they put his armour in the house of their gods, and fastened his head in the temple of Dagon.
10:11: And when all Jabesh-gilead heard all that the Philistines had done to Saul,
10:12: They arose, all the valiant men, and took away the body of Saul, and the bodies of his sons, and brought them to Jabesh, and buried their bones under the oak in Jabesh, and fasted seven days.
10:13: So Saul died for his transgression which he committed against the LORD, even against the word of the LORD, which he kept not, and also for asking counsel of one that had a familiar spirit, to enquire of it;
10:14: And enquired not of the LORD: therefore he slew him, and turned the kingdom unto David the son of Jesse.
11:1: Then all Israel gathered themselves to David unto Hebron, saying, Behold, we are thy bone and thy flesh.
11:2: And moreover in time past, even when Saul was king, thou wast he that leddest out and broughtest in Israel: and the LORD thy God said unto thee, Thou shalt feed my people Israel, and thou shalt be ruler over my people Israel, and thou shalt be ruler over my people Israel. 
11:3: Therefore came all the elders of Israel to the king to Hebron; and David made a covenant with them in Hebron before the LORD; and they anointed David king over Israel, according to the word of the LORD by Samuel.
11:4: And David and all Israel went to Jerusalem, which is Jebus; where the Jebusites were, the inhabitants of the land. 
11:5: And the inhabitants of Jebus said to David, Thou shalt not come hither.  Nevertheless David took the castle of Zion, which is the city of David. 
11:6: And David said, Whosoever smiteth the Jebusites first shall be chief and captain.  So Joab the son of Zeruiah went first up, and was chief.
11:7: And David dwelt in the castle; therefore they called it the city of David.
11:8: And he built the city round about, even from Millo round about: and Joab repaired the rest of the city.
11:9: So David waxed greater and greater: for the LORD of hosts was with him.
11:10: These also are the chief of the mighty men whom David had, who strengthened themselves with him in his kingdom, and with all Israel, to make him king, according to the word of the LORD concerning Israel.
11:11: And this is the number of the mighty men whom David had; Jashobeam, and Hachmonite, the chief of the captains: he lifted up his spear against three hundred slain by him at one time.
11:12: And after him was Eleazar the son of Dodo, the Ahohite, who was one of the three mighties.
11:13: He was with David at Pas-dammim, and there the Philistines were gathered together to battle, where was a parcel of ground full of barley; and the people fled from before the Philistines.
11:14: And they set themselves in the midst of that parcel, and delivered it, and slew the Philistines; and the LORD saved them by a great deliverance.
11:15: Now three of the thirty captains went down to the rock to David, into the cave of Adullam; and the host of the Philistines encamped in the valley of Rephaim.
11:16: And David was then in the hold, and the Philistines' garrison was then at Bethlehem.
11:17: And David longed, and said, Oh that one would give me drink of the water of the well of Bethlehem, that is at the gate!
11:18: And the three brake through the host of the Philistines, and drew water out of the well of Bethlehem, that was by the gate, and took it, and brought it to David: but David would not drink of it, but poured it out to the LORD,
11:19: And said, My God forbid it me, that I should do this thing: shall I drink the blood of these men that have put their lives in jeopardy?  for with the jeopardy of their lives they brought it.  Therefore he would not drink it.  These things did these three mightiest.
11:20: And Abishai the brother of Joab, he was chief of the three: for lifting up his spear against three hundred, he slew them, and had a name among the three.
11:21: Of the three, he was more honourable than the two; for he was their captain: howbeit he attained not to the first three.
11:22: Benaiah the son of Jehoiada, the son of a valiant man of Kabzeel, who had done many acts; he slew two lionlike men of Moab: also he went down and slew a lion in a pit in a snowy day.
11:23: And he slew an Egyptian, a man of great stature, five cubits high; and in the Egyptian's hand was a spear like a weaver's beam; and he went down to him with a staff, and plucked the spear out of the Egyptian's hand, and slew him with his own spear.
11:24: These things did Benaiah the son of Jehoiada, and had the name among the three mighties. 
11:25: Behold, he was honourable among the thirty, but attained not to the first three: and David set him over his guard.
11:26: Also the valiant men of the armies were, Asahel the brother of Joab, Elhanan the son of Dodo of Bethlehem, 
11:27: Shammoth the Harorite, Helez the Pelonite, 
11:28: Ira the son of Ikkesh the Tekoite, Abi-ezer the Antothite,
11:29: Sibbecai the Hushathite, Ilai the Ahohite,
11:30: Maharai the Netophathite, Heled the son of Baanah the Netophathite,
11:31: Ithai the son of Ribai of Gibeah, that pertained to the children of Benjamin, Benaiah the Pirathonite,
11:32: Hurai of the brooks of Gaash, Abiel the Arbathite,
11:33: Azmaveth the Baharumite, Eliahba the Shaalbonite,
11:34: The sons of Hashem the Gizonite, Jonathan the son of Shage the Hararite,
11:35: Ahiam the son of Sacar the Hararite, Eliphal the son of Ur,
11:36: Hepher the Mecherathite, Ahijah the Pelonite,
11:37: Hezro the Carmelite, Naarai the son of Ezbai,
11:38: Joel the brother of Nathan, Mibhar the son of Haggeri,
11:39: Zelek the Ammonite, Naharai the Berothite, the armourbearer of Joab the son of Zeruiah,
11:40: Ira the Ithrite, Gareb the Ithrite,
11:41: Uriah the Hittite, Zabad the son of Ahlai,
11:42: Adina the son of Shiza the Reubenite, a captain of the Reubenites, and thirty with him,
11:43: Hanan the son of Maachah, and Joshaphat the Mithnite,
11:44: Uzzia the Ashterathite, Shama and Jehiel the sons of Hothan the Aroerite,
11:45: Jediael the son of Shimri, and Joha his brother, the Tizite,
11:46: Eliel the Mahavite, and Jeribai, and Joshaviah, the sons of Elnaam, and Ithmah the Moabite,
11:47: Eliel, and Obed, and Jasiel the Mesobaite. 
12:1: Now these are they that came to David to Ziklag, while he yet kept himself close because of Saul the son of Kish: and they were among the mighty men, helpers of the war. 
12:2: They were armed with bows, and could use both the right hand and the left in hurling stones and shooting arrows out of a bow, even of Saul's brethren of Benjamin. 
12:3: The chief was Ahiezer, then Joash, the sons of Shemaah the Gibeathite; and Jeziel, and Pelet, the sons of Azmaveth; and Berachah, and Jehu the Antothite,
12:4: And Ismaiah the Gibeonite, a mighty man among the thirty, and over the thirty; and Jeremiah, and Jahaziel, and Johanan, and Josabad the Gederathite,
12:5: Eluzai, and Jerimoth, and Bealiah, and Shemariah, and Shephatiah the Haruphite,
12:6: Elkanah, and Jesiah, and Azareel, and Joezer, and Jashobeam, the Korhites,
12:7: And Joelah, and Zebadiah, the sons of Jeroham of Gedor.
12:8: And of the Gadites there separated themselves unto David into the hold to the wilderness men of might, and men of war fit for the battle, that could handle shield and buckler, whose faces were like the faces of lions, and were as swift as the roes upon the mountains;
12:9: Ezer the first, Obadiah the second, Eliab the third,
12:10: Mishmannah the fourth, Jeremiah the fifth,
12:11: Attai the sixth, Eliel the seventh,
12:12: Johanan the eighth, Elzabad the ninth,
12:13: Jeremiah the tenth, Machbanai the eleventh.
12:14: These were of the sons of Gad, captains of the host: one of the least was over an hundred, and the greatest over a thousand.
12:15: These are they that went over Jordan in the first month, when it had overflown all his banks; and they put to flight all them of the valleys, both toward the east, and toward the west.
12:16: And there came of the children of Benjamin and Judah to the hold unto David.
12:17: And David went out to meet them, and answered and said unto them, If ye be come peaceably unto me to help me, mine heart shall be knit unto you: but if ye be come to betray me to mine enemies, seeing there is no wrong in mine hands, the God of our fathers look thereon, and rebuke it.
12:18: Then the spirit came upon Amasai, who was chief of the captains, and he said, Thine are we, David, and on thy side, thou son of Jesse: peace, peace be unto thee, and peace be to thine helpers; for thy God helpeth thee.  Then David received them, and made them captains of the band.
12:19: And there fell some of Manasseh to David, when he came with the Philistines against Saul to battle: but they helped them not: for the lords of the Philistines upon advisement sent him away, saying, He will fall to his master Saul to the jeopardy of our heads.
12:20: As he went to Ziklag, there fell to him of Manasseh, Adnah, and Jozabad, and Jediael, and Michael, and Jozabad, and Elihu, and Zilthai, captains of the thousands that were of Manasseh.
12:21: And they helped David against the band of the rovers: for they were all mighty men of valour, and were captains in the host.
12:22: For at that time day by day there came to David to help him, until it was a great host, like the host of God. 
12:23: And these are the numbers of the bands that were ready armed to the war, and came to David to Hebron, to turn the kingdom of Saul to him, according to the word of the LORD.
12:24: The children of Judah that bare shield and spear were six thousand and eight hundred, ready armed to the war. 
12:25: Of the children of Simeon, mighty men of valour for the war, seven thousand and one hundred. 
12:26: Of the children of Levi four thousand and six hundred.
12:27: And Jehoiada was the leader of the Aaronites, and with him were three thousand and seven hundred;
12:28: And Zadok, a young man mighty of valour, and of his father's house twenty and two captains.
12:29: And of the children of Benjamin, the kindred of Saul, three thousand: for hitherto the greatest part of them had kept the ward of the house of Saul.
12:30: And of the children of Ephraim twenty thousand and eight hundred, mighty men of valour, famous throughout the house of their fathers.
12:31: And of the half tribe of Manasseh eighteen thousand, which were expressed by name, to come and make David king.
12:32: And of the children of Issachar, which were men that had understanding of the times, to know what Israel ought to do; the heads of them were two hundred; and all their brethren were at their commandment.
12:33: Of Zebulun, such as went forth to battle, expert in war, with all instruments of war, fifty thousand, which could keep rank: they were not of double heart.
12:34: And of Naphtali a thousand captains, and with them with shield and spear thirty and seven thousand.
12:35: And of the Danites expert in war twenty and eight thousand and six hundred.
12:36: And of Asher, such as went forth to battle, expert in war, forty thousand.
12:37: And on the other side of Jordan, of the Reubenites, and the Gadites, and of the half tribe of Manasseh, with all manner of instruments of war for the battle, an hundred and twenty thousand.
12:38: All these men of war, that could keep rank, came with a perfect heart to Hebron, to make David king over all Israel: and all the rest also of Israel were of one heart to make David king.
12:39: And there they were with David three days, eating and drinking: for their brethren had prepared for them.
12:40: Moreover they that were nigh them, even unto Issachar and Zebulun and Naphtali, brought bread on asses, and on camels, and on mules, and on oxen, and meat, meal, cakes of figs, and bunches of raisins, and wine, and oil, and oxen, and sheep abundantly: for there was joy in Israel.
13:1: And David consulted with the captains of thousands and hundreds, and with every leader.
13:2: And David said unto all the congregation of Israel, If it seem good unto you, and that it be of the LORD our God, let us send abroad unto our brethren every where, that are left in all the land of Israel, and with them also to the priests and Levites which are in their cities and suburbs, that they may gather themselves unto us:
13:3: And let us bring again the ark of our God to us: for we enquired not at it in the days of Saul.
13:4: And all the congregation said that they would do so: for the thing was right in the eyes of all the people. 
13:5: So David gathered all Israel together, from Shihor of Egypt even unto the entering of Hamath, to bring the ark of God from Kirjath-jearim.
13:6: And David went up, and all Israel, to Baalah, that is, to Kirjath-jearim, which belonged to Judah, to bring up thence the ark of God the LORD, that dwelleth between the cherubims, whose name is called on it. 
13:7: And they carried the ark of God in a new cart out of the house of Abinadab: and Uzza and Ahio drave the cart. 
13:8: And David and all Israel played before God with all their might, and with singing, and with harps, and with psalteries, and with timbrels, and with cymbals, and with trumpets.
13:9: And when they came unto the threshingfloor of Chidon, Uzza put forth his hand to hold the ark; for the oxen stumbled.
13:10: And the anger of the LORD was kindled against Uzza, and he smote him, because he put his hand to the ark: and there he died before God.
13:11: And David was displeased, because the LORD had made a breach upon Uzza: wherefore that place is called Perez-uzza to this day.
13:12: And David was afraid of God that day, saying, How shall I bring the ark of God home to me?
13:13: So David brought not the ark home to himself to the city of David, but carried it aside into the house of Obed-edom the Gittite.
13:14: And the ark of God remained with the family of Obed-edom in his house three months.  And the LORD blessed the house of Obed-edom, and all that he had.
14:1: Now Hiram king of Tyre sent messengers to David, and timber of cedars, with masons and carpenters, to build him an house.
14:2: And David perceived that the LORD had confirmed him king over Israel, for his kingdom was lifted up on high, because of his people Israel.
14:3: And David took more wives at Jerusalem: and David begat more sons and daughters.
14:4: Now these are the names of his children which he had in Jerusalem; Shammua, and Shobab, Nathan, and Solomon,
14:5: And Ibhar, and Elishua, and Elpalet,
14:6: And Nogah, and Nepheg, and Japhia,
14:7: And Elishama, and Beeliada, and Eliphalet.
14:8: And when the Philistines heard that David was anointed king over all Israel, all the Philistines went up to seek David.  And David heard of it, and went out against them.
14:9: And the Philistines came and spread themselves in the valley of Rephaim.
14:10: And David enquired of God, saying, Shall I go up against the Philistines?  and wilt thou deliver them into mine hand?  And the LORD said unto him, Go up; for I will deliver them into thine hand.
14:11: So they came up to Baal-perazim; and David smote them there.  Then David said, God hath broken in upon mine enemies by mine hand like the breaking forth of waters: therefore they called the name of that place Baal-perazim.
14:12: And when they had left their gods there, David gave a commandment, and they were burned with fire. 
14:13: And the Philistines yet again spread themselves abroad in the valley.
14:14: Therefore David enquired again of God; and God said unto him, Go not up after them; turn away from them, and come upon them over against the mulberry trees.
14:15: And it shall be, when thou shalt hear a sound of going in the tops of the mulberry trees, that then thou shalt go out to battle: for God is gone forth before thee to smite the host of the Philistines.
14:16: David therefore did as God commanded him: and they smote the host of the Philistines from Gibeon even to Gazer.
14:17: And the fame of David went out into all lands; and the LORD brought the fear of him upon all nations.
15:1: And David made him houses in the city of David, and prepared a place for the ark of God, and pitched for it a tent.
15:2: Then David said, None ought to carry the ark of God but the Levites: for them hath the LORD chosen to carry the ark of God, and to minister unto him for ever. 
15:3: And David gathered all Israel together to Jerusalem, to bring up the ark of the LORD unto his place, which he had prepared for it. 
15:4: And David assembled the children of Aaron, and the Levites:
15:5: Of the sons of Kohath; Uriel the chief, and his brethren an hundred and twenty:
15:6: Of the sons of Merari; Asaiah the chief, and his brethren two hundred and twenty:
15:7: Of the sons of Gershom; Joel the chief, and his brethren an hundred and thirty:
15:8: Of the sons of Elizaphan; Shemaiah the chief, and his brethren two hundred:
15:9: Of the sons of Hebron; Eliel the chief, and his brethren fourscore:
15:10: Of the sons of Uzziel; Amminadab the chief, and his brethren an hundred and twelve.
15:11: And David called for Zadok and Abiathar the priests, and for the Levites, for Uriel, Asaiah, and Joel, Shemaiah, and Eliel, and Amminadab,
15:12: And said unto them, Ye are the chief of the fathers of the Levites: sanctify yourselves, both ye and your brethren, that ye may bring up the ark of the LORD God of Israel unto the place that I have prepared for it.
15:13: For because ye did it not at the first, the LORD our God made a breach upon us, for that we sought him not after the due order.
15:14: So the priests and the Levites sanctified themselves to bring up the ark of the LORD God of Israel.
15:15: And the children of the Levites bare the ark of God upon their shoulders with the staves thereon, as Moses commanded according to the word of the LORD.
15:16: And David spake to the chief of the Levites to appoint their brethren to be the singers with instruments of musick, psalteries and harps and cymbals, sounding, by lifting up the voice with joy.
15:17: So the Levites appointed Heman the son of Joel; and of his brethren, Asaph the son of Berechiah; and of the sons of Merari their brethren, Ethan the son of Kushaiah;
15:18: And with them their brethren of the second degree, Zechariah, Ben, and Jaaziel, and Shemiramoth, and Jehiel, and Unni, Eliab, and Benaiah, and Maaseiah, and Mattithiah, and Elipheleh, and Mikneiah, and Obed-edom, and Jeiel, the porters.
15:19: So the singers, Heman, Asaph, and Ethan, were appointed to sound with cymbals of brass;
15:20: And Zechariah, and Aziel, and Shemiramoth, and Jehiel, and Unni, and Eliab, and Maaseiah, and Benaiah, with psalteries on Alamoth;
15:21: And Mattithiah, and Elipheleh, and Mikneiah, and Obed-edom, and Jeiel, and Azaziah, with harps on the Sheminith to excel.
15:22: And Chenaniah, chief of the Levites, was for song: he instructed about the song, because he was skilful.
15:23: And Berechiah and Elkanah were doorkeepers for the ark. 
15:24: And Shebaniah, and Jehoshaphat, and Nethaneel, and Amasai, and Zechariah, and Benaiah, and Eliezer, the priests, did blow with the trumpets before the ark of God: and Obed-edom and Jehiah were doorkeepers for the ark.
15:25: So David, and the elders of Israel, and the captains over thousands, went to bring up the ark of the covenant of the LORD out of the house of Obed-edom with joy. 
15:26: And it came to pass, when God helped the Levites that bare the ark of the covenant of the LORD, that they offered seven bullocks and seven rams. 
15:27: And David was clothed with a robe of fine linen, and all the Levites that bare the ark, and the singers, and Chenaniah the master of the song with the singers: David also had upon him an ephod of linen.
15:28: Thus all Israel brought up the ark of the covenant of the LORD with shouting, and with sound of the cornet, and with trumpets, and with cymbals, making a noise with psalteries and harps.
15:29: And it came to pass, as the ark of the covenant of the LORD came to the city of David, that Michal the daughter of Saul looking out at a window saw king David dancing and playing: and she despised him in her heart.
16:1: So they brought the ark of God, and set it in the midst of the tent that David had pitched for it: and they offered burnt sacrifices and peace offerings before God.
16:2: And when David had made an end of offering the burnt offerings and the peace offerings, he blessed the people in the name of the LORD.
16:3: And he dealt to every one of Israel, both man and woman, to every one a loaf of bread, and a good piece of flesh, and a flagon of wine.
16:4: And he appointed certain of the Levites to minister before the ark of the LORD, and to record, and to thank and praise the LORD God of Israel:
16:5: Asaph the chief, and next to him Zechariah, Jeiel, and Shemiramoth, and Jehiel, and Mattithiah, and Eliab, and Benaiah, and Obed-edom: and Jeiel with psalteries and with harps; but Asaph made a sound with cymbals;
16:6: Benaiah also and Jahaziel the priests with trumpets continually before the ark of the covenant of God.
16:7: Then on that day David delivered first this psalm to thank the LORD into the hand of Asaph and his brethren.
16:8: Give thanks unto the LORD, call upon his name, make known his deeds among the people.
16:9: Sing unto him, sing psalms unto him, talk ye of all his wondrous works.
16:10: Glory ye in his holy name: let the heart of them rejoice that seek the LORD.
16:11: Seek the LORD and his strength, seek his face continually.
16:12: Remember his marvellous works that he hath done, his wonders, and the judgments of his mouth;
16:13: O ye seed of Israel his servant, ye children of Jacob, his chosen ones.
16:14: He is the LORD our God; his judgments are in all the earth.
16:15: Be ye mindful always of his covenant; the word which he commanded to a thousand generations;
16:16: Even of the covenant which he made with Abraham, and of his oath unto Isaac; 
16:17: And hath confirmed the same to Jacob for a law, and to Israel for an everlasting covenant,
16:18: Saying, Unto thee will I give the land of Canaan, the lot of your inheritance; 
16:19: When ye were but few, even a few, and strangers in it. 
16:20: And when they went from nation to nation, and from one kingdom to another people;
16:21: He suffered no man to do them wrong: yea, he reproved kings for their sakes,
16:22: Saying, Touch not mine anointed, and do my prophets no harm.
16:23: Sing unto the LORD, all the earth; shew forth from day to day his salvation.
16:24: Declare his glory among the heathen; his marvellous works among all nations.
16:25: For great is the LORD, and greatly to be praised: he also is to be feared above all gods.
16:26: For all the gods of the people are idols: but the LORD made the heavens.
16:27: Glory and honour are in his presence; strength and gladness are in his place.
16:28: Give unto the LORD, ye kindreds of the people, give unto the LORD glory and strength.
16:29: Give unto the LORD the glory due unto his name: bring an offering, and come before him: worship the LORD in the beauty of holiness.
16:30: Fear before him, all the earth: the world also shall be stable, that it be not moved.
16:31: Let the heavens be glad, and let the earth rejoice: and let men say among the nations, The LORD reigneth.
16:32: Let the sea roar, and the fulness thereof: let the fields rejoice, and all that is therein.
16:33: Then shall the trees of the wood sing out at the presence of the LORD, because he cometh to judge the earth.
16:34: O give thanks unto the LORD; for he is good; for his mercy endureth for ever.
16:35: And say ye, Save us, O God of our salvation, and gather us together, and deliver us from the heathen, that we may give thanks to thy holy name, and glory in thy praise.
16:36: Blessed be the LORD God of Israel for ever and ever.  And all the people said, Amen, and praised the LORD.
16:37: So he left there before the ark of the covenant of the LORD Asaph and his brethren, to minister before the ark continually, as every day's work required:
16:38: And Obed-edom with their brethren, threescore and eight; Obed-edom also the son of Jeduthun and Hosah to be porters:
16:39: And Zadok the priest, and his brethren the priests, before the tabernacle of the LORD in the high place that was at Gibeon, 
16:40: To offer burnt offerings unto the LORD upon the altar of the burnt offering continually morning and evening, and to do according to all that is written in the law of the LORD, which he commanded Israel;
16:41: And with them Heman and Jeduthun, and the rest that were chosen, who were expressed by name, to give thanks to the LORD, because his mercy endureth for ever; 
16:42: And with them Heman and Jeduthun with trumpets and cymbals for those that should make a sound, and with musical instruments of God.  And the sons of Jeduthun were porters. 
16:43: And all the people departed every man to his house: and David returned to bless his house.
17:1: Now it came to pass, as David sat in his house, that David said to Nathan the prophet, Lo, I dwell in an house of cedars, but the ark of the covenant of the LORD remaineth under curtains.
17:2: Then Nathan said unto David, Do all that is in thine heart; for God is with thee.
17:3: And it came to pass the same night, that the word of God came to Nathan, saying,
17:4: Go and tell David my servant, Thus saith the LORD, Thou shalt not build me an house to dwell in:
17:5: For I have not dwelt in an house since the day that I brought up Israel unto this day; but have gone from tent to tent, and from one tabernacle to another.
17:6: Wheresoever I have walked with all Israel, spake I a word to any of the judges of Israel, whom I commanded to feed my people, saying, Why have ye not built me an house of cedars?
17:7: Now therefore thus shalt thou say unto my servant David, Thus saith the LORD of hosts, I took thee from the sheepcote, even from following the sheep, that thou shouldest be ruler over my people Israel:
17:8: And I have been with thee whithersoever thou hast walked, and have cut off all thine enemies from before thee, and have made thee a name like the name of the great men that are in the earth.
17:9: Also I will ordain a place for my people Israel, and will plant them, and they shall dwell in their place, and shall be moved no more; neither shall the children of wickedness waste them any more, as at the beginning,
17:10: And since the time that I commanded judges to be over my people Israel.  Moreover I will subdue all thine enemies.  Furthermore I tell thee that the LORD will build thee an house.
17:11: And it shall come to pass, when thy days be expired that thou must go to be with thy fathers, that I will raise up thy seed after thee, which shall be of thy sons; and I will establish his kingdom.
17:12: He shall build me an house, and I will stablish his throne for ever.
17:13: I will be his father, and he shall be my son: and I will not take my mercy away from him, as I took it from him that was before thee:
17:14: But I will settle him in mine house and in my kingdom for ever: and his throne shall be established for evermore.
17:15: According to all these words, and according to all this vision, so did Nathan speak unto David.
17:16: And David the king came and sat before the LORD, and said, Who am I, O LORD God, and what is mine house, that thou hast brought me hitherto?
17:17: And yet this was a small thing in thine eyes, O God; for thou hast also spoken of thy servant's house for a great while to come, and hast regarded me according to the estate of a man of high degree, O LORD God.
17:18: What can David speak more to thee for the honour of thy servant?  for thou knowest thy servant. 
17:19: O LORD, for thy servant's sake, and according to thine own heart, hast thou done all this greatness, in making known all these great things.
17:20: O LORD, there is none like thee, neither is there any God beside thee, according to all that we have heard with our ears. 
17:21: And what one nation in the earth is like thy people Israel, whom God went to redeem to be his own people, to make thee a name of greatness and terribleness, by driving out nations from before thy people, whom thou hast redeemed out of Egypt? 
17:22: For thy people Israel didst thou make thine own people for ever; and thou, LORD, becamest their God.
17:23: Therefore now, LORD, let the thing that thou hast spoken concerning thy servant and concerning his house be established for ever, and do as thou hast said.
17:24: Let it even be established, that thy name may be magnified for ever, saying, The LORD of hosts is the God of Israel, even a God to Israel: and let the house of David thy servant be established before thee.
17:25: For thou, O my God, hast told thy servant that thou wilt build him an house: therefore thy servant hath found in his heart to pray before thee.
17:26: And now, LORD, thou art God, and hast promised this goodness unto thy servant:
17:27: Now therefore let it please thee to bless the house of thy servant, that it may be before thee for ever: for thou blessest, O LORD, and it shall be blessed for ever.
18:1: Now after this it came to pass, that David smote the Philistines, and subdued them, and took Gath and her towns out of the hand of the Philistines.
18:2: And he smote Moab; and the Moabites became David's servants, and brought gifts.
18:3: And David smote Hadarezer king of Zobah unto Hamath, as he went to stablish his dominion by the river Euphrates.
18:4: And David took from him a thousand chariots, and seven thousand horsemen, and twenty thousand footmen: David also houghed all the chariot horses, but reserved of them an hundred chariots.
18:5: And when the Syrians of Damascus came to help Hadarezer king of Zobah, David slew of the Syrians two and twenty thousand men.
18:6: Then David put garrisons in Syria-damascus; and the Syrians became David's servants, and brought gifts.  Thus the LORD preserved David whithersoever he went.
18:7: And David took the shields of gold that were on the servants of Hadarezer, and brought them to Jerusalem.
18:8: Likewise from Tibhath, and from Chun, cities of Hadarezer, brought David very much brass, wherewith Solomon made the brasen sea, and the pillars, and the vessels of brass.
18:9: Now when Tou king of Hamath heard how David had smitten all the host of Hadarezer king of Zobah;
18:10: He sent Hadoram his son to king David, to enquire of his welfare, and to congratulate him, because he had fought against Hadarezer, and smitten him; (for Hadarezer had war with Tou;) and with him all manner of vessels of gold and silver and brass.
18:11: Them also king David dedicated unto the LORD, with the silver and the gold that he brought from all these nations; from Edom, and from Moab, and from the children of Ammon, and from the Philistines, and from Amalek.
18:12: Moreover Abishai the son of Zeruiah slew of the Edomites in the valley of salt eighteen thousand.
18:13: And he put garrisons in Edom; and all the Edomites became David's servants.  Thus the LORD preserved David whithersoever he went. 
18:14: So David reigned over all Israel, and executed judgment and justice among all his people.
18:15: And Joab the son Zeruiah was over the host; and Jehoshaphat the son of Ahilud, recorder. 
18:16: And Zadok the son of Ahitub, and Abimelech the son of Abiathar, were the priests; and Shavsha was scribe; 
18:17: And Benaiah the son of Jehoiada was over the Cherethites and the Pelethites; and the sons of David were chief about the king.
19:1: Now it came to pass after this, that Nahash the king of the children of Ammon died, and his son reigned in his stead.
19:2: And David said, I will shew kindness unto Hanun the son of Nahash, because his father shewed kindness to me.  And David sent messengers to comfort him concerning his father.  So the servants of David came into the land of the children of Ammon to Hanun, to comfort him.
19:3: But the princes of the children of Ammon said to Hanun, Thinkest thou that David doth honour thy father, that he hath sent comforters unto thee?  are not his servants come unto thee for to search, and to overthrow, and to spy out the land?
19:4: Wherefore Hanun took David's servants, and shaved them, and cut off their garments in the midst hard by their buttocks, and sent them away.
19:5: Then there went certain, and told David how the men were served.  And he sent to meet them: for the men were greatly ashamed.  And the king said, Tarry at Jericho until your beards be grown, and then return.
19:6: And when the children of Ammon saw that they had made themselves odious to David, Hanun and the children of Ammon sent a thousand talents of silver to hire them chariots and horsemen out of Mesopotamia, and out of Syria-maachah, and out of Zobah.
19:7: So they hired thirty and two thousand chariots, and the king of Maachah and his people; who came and pitched before Medeba.  And the children of Ammon gathered themselves together from their cities, and came to battle.
19:8: And when David heard of it, he sent Joab, and all the host of the mighty men.
19:9: And the children of Ammon came out, and put the battle in array before the gate of the city: and the kings that were come were by themselves in the field.
19:10: Now when Joab saw that the battle was set against him before and behind, he chose out of all the choice of Israel, and put them in array against the Syrians.
19:11: And the rest of the people he delivered unto the hand of Abishai his brother, and they set themselves in array against the children of Ammon.
19:12: And he said, If the Syrians be too strong for me, then thou shalt help me: but if the children of Ammon be too strong for thee, then I will help thee.
19:13: Be of good courage, and let us behave ourselves valiantly for our people, and for the cities of our God: and let the LORD do that which is good in his sight.
19:14: So Joab and the people that were with him drew nigh before the Syrians unto the battle; and they fled before him.
19:15: And when the children of Ammon saw that the Syrians were fled, they likewise fled before Abishai his brother, and entered into the city.  Then Joab came to Jerusalem.
19:16: And when the Syrians saw that they were put to the worse before Israel, they sent messengers, and drew forth the Syrians that were beyond the river: and Shophach the captain of the host of Hadarezer went before them.
19:17: And it was told David; and he gathered all Israel, and passed over Jordan, and came upon them, and set the battle in array against them.  So when David had put the battle in array against the Syrians, they fought with him.
19:18: But the Syrians fled before Israel; and David slew of the Syrians seven thousand men which fought in chariots, and forty thousand footmen, and killed Shophach the captain of the host. 
19:19: And when the servants of Hadarezer saw that they were put to the worse before Israel, they made peace with David, and became his servants: neither would the Syrians help the children of Ammon any more.
20:1: And it came to pass, that after the year was expired, at the time that kings go out to battle, Joab led forth the power of the army, and wasted the country of the children of Ammon, and came and besieged Rabbah.  But David tarried at Jerusalem.  And Joab smote Rabbah, and destroyed it. 
20:2: And David took the crown of their king from off his head, and found it to weigh a talent of gold, and there were precious stones in it; and it was set upon David's head: and he brought also exceeding much spoil out of the city.
20:3: And he brought out the people that were in it, and cut them with saws, and with harrows of iron, and with axes.  Even so dealt David with all the cities of the children of Ammon.  And David and all the people returned to Jerusalem.
20:4: And it came to pass after this, that there arose war at Gezer with the Philistines; at which time Sibbechai the Hushathite slew Sippai, that was of the children of the giant: and they were subdued.
20:5: And there was war again with the Philistines; and Elhanan the son of Jair slew Lahmi the brother of Goliath the Gittite, whose spear staff was like a weaver's beam.
20:6: And yet again there was war at Gath, where was a man of great stature, whose fingers and toes were four and twenty, six on each hand, and six on each foot: and he also was the son of the giant.
20:7: But when he defied Israel, Jonathan the son of Shimea David's brother slew him.
20:8: These were born unto the giant in Gath; and they fell by the hand of David, and by the hand of his servants.
21:1: And Satan stood up against Israel, and provoked David to number Israel.
21:2: And David said to Joab and to the rulers of the people, Go, number Israel from Beer-sheba even to Dan; and bring the number of them to me, that I may know it.
21:3: And Joab answered, The LORD make his people an hundred times so many more as they be: but, my lord the king, are they not all my lord's servants?  why then doth my lord require this thing?  why will he be a cause of trespass to Israel?
21:4: Nevertheless the king's word prevailed against Joab.  Wherefore Joab departed, and went throughout all Israel, and came to Jerusalem.
21:5: And Joab gave the sum of the number of the people unto David.  And all they of Israel were a thousand thousand and an hundred thousand men that drew sword: and Judah was four hundred threescore and ten thousand men that drew sword.
21:6: But Levi and Benjamin counted he not among them: for the king's word was abominable to Joab.
21:7: And God was displeased with this thing; therefore he smote Israel.
21:8: And David said unto God, I have sinned greatly, because I have done this thing: but now, I beseech thee, do away the iniquity of thy servant; for I have done very foolishly.
21:9: And the LORD spake unto Gad, David's seer, saying,
21:10: Go and tell David, saying, Thus saith the LORD, I offer thee three things: choose thee one of them, that I may do it unto thee.
21:11: So Gad came to David, and said unto him, Thus saith the LORD, Choose thee
21:12: Either three years' famine; or three months to be destroyed before thy foes, while that the sword of thine enemies overtaketh thee; or else three days the sword of the LORD, even the pestilence, in the land, and the angel of the LORD destroying throughout all the coasts of Israel.  Now therefore advise thyself what word I shall bring again to him that sent me. 
21:13: And David said unto Gad, I am in a great strait: let me fall now into the hand of the LORD; for very great are his mercies: but let me not fall into the hand of man.
21:14: So the LORD sent pestilence upon Israel: and there fell of Israel seventy thousand men.
21:15: And God sent an angel unto Jerusalem to destroy it: and as he was destroying, the LORD beheld, and he repented him of the evil, and said to the angel that destroyed, It is enough, stay now thine hand.  And the angel of the LORD stood by the threshingfloor of Ornan the Jebusite.
21:16: And David lifted up his eyes, and saw the angel of the LORD stand between the earth and the heaven, having a drawn sword in his hand stretched out over Jerusalem.  Then David and the elders of Israel, who were clothed in sackcloth, fell upon their faces.
21:17: And David said unto God, Is it not I that commanded the people to be numbered?  even I it is that have sinned and done evil indeed; but as for these sheep, what have they done?  let thine hand, I pray thee, O LORD my God, be on me, and on my father's house; but not on thy people, that they should be plagued.
21:18: Then the angel of the LORD commanded Gad to say to David, that David should go up, and set up an altar unto the LORD in the threshingfloor of Ornan the Jebusite. 
21:19: And David went up at the saying of Gad, which he spake in the name of the LORD.
21:20: And Ornan turned back, and saw the angel; and his four sons with him hid themselves.  Now Ornan was threshing wheat. 
21:21: And as David came to Ornan, Ornan looked and saw David, and went out of the threshingfloor, and bowed himself to David with his face to the ground. 
21:22: Then David said to Ornan, Grant me the place of this threshingfloor, that I may build an altar therein unto the LORD: thou shalt grant it me for the full price: that the plague may be stayed from the people.
21:23: And Ornan said unto David, Take it to thee, and let my lord the king do that which is good in his eyes: lo, I give thee the oxen also for burnt offerings, and the threshing instruments for wood, and the wheat for the meat offering; I give it all.
21:24: And king David said to Ornan, Nay; but I will verily buy it for the full price: for I will not take that which is thine for the LORD, nor offer burnt offerings without cost.
21:25: So David gave to Ornan for the place six hundred shekels of gold by weight.
21:26: And David built there an altar unto the LORD, and offered burnt offerings and peace offerings, and called upon the LORD; and he answered him from heaven by fire upon the altar of burnt offering.
21:27: And the LORD commanded the angel; and he put up his sword again into the sheath thereof.
21:28: At that time when David saw that the LORD had answered him in the threshingfloor of Ornan the Jebusite, then he sacrificed there.
21:29: For the tabernacle of the LORD, which Moses made in the wilderness, and the altar of the burnt offering, were at that season in the high place at Gibeon.
21:30: But David could not go before it to enquire of God: for he was afraid because of the sword of the angel of the LORD.
22:1: Then David said, This is the house of the LORD God, and this is the altar of the burnt offering for Israel.
22:2: And David commanded to gather together the strangers that were in the land of Israel; and he set masons to hew wrought stones to build the house of God.
22:3: And David prepared iron in abundance for the nails for the doors of the gates, and for the joinings; and brass in abundance without weight;
22:4: Also cedar trees in abundance: for the Zidonians and they of Tyre brought much cedar wood to David.
22:5: And David said, Solomon my son is young and tender, and the house that is to be builded for the LORD must be exceeding magnifical, of fame and of glory throughout all countries: I will therefore now make preparation for it.  So David prepared abundantly before his death.
22:6: Then he called for Solomon his son, and charged him to build an house for the LORD God of Israel.
22:7: And David said to Solomon, My son, as for me, it was in my mind to build an house unto the name of the LORD my God:
22:8: But the word of the LORD came to me, saying, Thou hast shed blood abundantly, and hast made great wars: thou shalt not build an house unto my name, because thou hast shed much blood upon the earth in my sight.
22:9: Behold, a son shall be born to thee, who shall be a man of rest; and I will give him rest from all his enemies round about: for his name shall be Solomon, and I will give peace and quietness unto Israel in his days.
22:10: He shall build an house for my name; and he shall be my son, and I will be his father; and I will establish throne of his kingdom over Israel for ever. 
22:11: Now, my son, the LORD be with thee; and prosper thou, and build the house of the LORD thy God, as he hath said of thee.
22:12: Only the LORD give thee wisdom and understanding, and give thee charge concerning Israel, that thou mayest keep the law of the LORD thy God. 
22:13: Then shalt thou prosper, if thou takest heed to fulfil the statutes and judgments which the LORD charged Moses with concerning Israel: be strong, and of good courage; dread not, nor be dismayed. 
22:14: Now, behold, in my trouble I have prepared for the house of the LORD an hundred thousand talents of gold, and a thousand thousand talents of silver; and of brass and iron without weight; for it is in abundance: timber also and stone have I prepared; and thou mayest add thereto.
22:15: Moreover there are workmen with thee in abundance, hewers and workers of stone and timber, and all manner of cunning men for every manner of work.
22:16: Of the gold, the silver, and the brass, and the iron, there is no number.  Arise therefore, and be doing, and the LORD be with thee.
22:17: David also commanded all the princes of Israel to help Solomon his son, saying,
22:18: Is not the LORD your God with you?  and hath he not given you rest on every side?  for he hath given the inhabitants of the land into mine hand; and the land is subdued before the LORD, and before his people.
22:19: Now set your heart and your soul to seek the LORD your God; arise therefore, and build ye the sanctuary of the LORD God, to bring the ark of the covenant of the LORD, and the holy vessels of God, into the house that is to be built to the name of the LORD.
23:1: So when David was old and full of days, he made Solomon his son king over Israel
23:2: And he gathered together all the princes of Israel, with the priests and the Levites.
23:3: Now the Levites were numbered from the age of thirty years and upward: and their number by their polls, man by man, was thirty and eight thousand.
23:4: Of which, twenty and four thousand were to set forward the work of the house of the LORD; and six thousand were officers and judges:
23:5: Moreover four thousand were porters; and four thousand praised the LORD with the instruments which I made, said David, to praise therewith.
23:6: And David divided them into courses among the sons of Levi, namely, Gershon, Kohath, and Merari.
23:7: Of the Gershonites were, Laadan, and Shimei.
23:8: The sons of Laadan; the chief was Jehiel, and Zetham, and Joel, three.
23:9: The sons of Shimei; Shelomith, and Haziel, and Haran, three.  These were the chief of the fathers of Laadan.
23:10: And the sons of Shimei were, Jahath, Zina, and Jeush, and Beriah.  These four were the sons of Shimei.
23:11: And Jahath was the chief, and Zizah the second: but Jeush and Beriah had not many sons; therefore they were in one reckoning, according to their father's house.
23:12: The sons of Kohath; Amram, Ishar, Hebron, and Uzziel, four.
23:13: The sons of Amram; Aaron and Moses: and Aaron was separated, that he should sanctify the most holy things, he and his sons for ever, to burn incense before the LORD, to minister unto him, and to bless in his name for ever. 
23:14: Now concerning Moses the man of God, his sons were named of the tribe of Levi.
23:15: The sons of Moses were, Gershom, and Eliezer. 
23:16: Of the sons of Gershom, Shebuel was the chief. 
23:17: And the sons of Eliezer were, Rehabiah the chief.  And Eliezer had none other sons; but the sons of Rehabiah were very many.
23:18: Of the sons of Izhar; Shelomith the chief.
23:19: Of the sons of Hebron; Jeriah the first, Amariah the second, Jahaziel the third, and Jekameam the fourth.
23:20: Of the sons of Uzziel; Michah the first, and Jesiah the second.
23:21: The sons of Merari; Mahli, and Mushi.  The sons of Mahli; Eleazar, and Kish.
23:22: And Eleazar died, and had no sons, but daughters: and their brethren the sons of Kish took them.
23:23: The sons of Mushi; Mahli, and Eder, and Jeremoth, three.
23:24: These were the sons of Levi after the house of their fathers; even the chief of the fathers, as they were counted by number of names by their polls, that did the work for the service of the house of the LORD, from the age of twenty years and upward.
23:25: For David said, The LORD God of Israel hath given rest unto his people, that they may dwell in Jerusalem for ever:
23:26: And also unto the Levites; they shall no more carry the tabernacle, nor any vessels of it for the service thereof.
23:27: For by the last words of David the Levites were numbered from twenty years old and above:
23:28: Because their office was to wait on the sons of Aaron for the service of the house of the LORD, in the courts, and in the chambers, and in the purifying of all holy things, and the work of the service of the house of God;
23:29: Both for the shewbread, and for the fine flour for meat offering, and for the unleavened cakes, and for that which is baked in the pan, and for that which is fried, and for all manner of measure and size;
23:30: And to stand every morning to thank and praise the LORD, and likewise at even;
23:31: And to offer all burnt sacrifices unto the LORD in the sabbaths, in the new moons, and on the set feasts, by number, according to the order commanded unto them, continually before the LORD:
23:32: And that they should keep the charge of the tabernacle of the congregation, and the charge of the holy place, and the charge of the sons of Aaron their brethren, in the service of the house of the LORD.
24:1: Now these are the divisions of the sons of Aaron.  The sons of Aaron; Nadab, and Abihu, Eleazar, and Ithamar.
24:2: But Nadab and Abihu died before their father, and had no children: therefore Elezar and Ithamar executed the priest's office.
24:3: And David distributed them, both Zadok of the sons of Eleazar, and Ahimelech of the sons of Ithamar, according to their offices in their service. 
24:4: And there were more chief men found of the sons of Eleazar than of the sons of Ithamar; and thus were they divided.  Among the sons of Eleazar there were sixteen chief men of the house of their fathers, and eight among the sons of Ithamar according to the house of their fathers.
24:5: Thus were they divided by lot, one sort with another; for the governors of the sanctuary, and governors of the house of God, were of the sons of Eleazar, and of the sons of Ithamar. 
24:6: And Shemaiah the son of Nethaneel the scribe, one of the Levites, wrote them before the king, and the princes, and Zadok the priest, and Ahimelech the son of Abiathar, and before the chief of the fathers of the priests and Levites: one principal household being taken for Eleazar, and one taken for Ithamar. 
24:7: Now the first lot came forth to Jehoiarib, the second to Jedaiah,
24:8: The third to Harim, the fourth to Seorim,
24:9: The fifth to Malchijah, the sixth to Mijamin,
24:10: The seventh to Hakkoz, the eighth to Abijah,
24:11: The ninth to Jeshua, the tenth to Shecaniah,
24:12: The eleventh to Eliashib, the twelfth to Jakim,
24:13: The thirteenth to Huppah, the fourteenth to Jeshebeab,
24:14: The fifteenth to Bilgah, the sixteenth to Immer,
24:15: The seventeenth to Hezir, the eighteenth to Aphses,
24:16: The nineteenth to Pethahiah, the twentieth to Jehezekel,
24:17: The one and twentieth to Jachin, the two and twentieth to Gamul,
24:18: The three and twentieth to Delaiah, the four and twentieth to Maaziah.
24:19: These were the orderings of them in their service to come into the house of the LORD, according to their manner, under Aaron their father, as the LORD God of Israel had commanded him. 
24:20: And the rest of the sons of Levi were these: Of the sons of Amram; Shubael: of the sons of Shubael; Jehdeiah.
24:21: Concerning Rehabiah: of the sons of Rehabiah, the first was Isshiah. 
24:22: Of the Izharites; Shelomoth: of the sons of Shelomoth; Jahath. 
24:23: And the sons of Hebron; Jeriah the first, Amariah the second, Jahaziel the third, Jekameam the fourth.
24:24: Of the sons of Uzziel; Michah: of the sons of Michah; Shamir.
24:25: The brother of Michah was Isshiah: of the sons of Isshiah; Zechariah.
24:26: The sons of Merari were Mahli and Mushi: the sons of Jaaziah; Beno.
24:27: The sons of Merari by Jaaziah; Beno, and Shoham, and Zaccur, and Ibri.
24:28: Of Mahli came Eleazar, who had no sons.
24:29: Concerning Kish: the son of Kish was Jerahmeel.
24:30: The sons also of Mushi; Mahli, and Eder, and Jerimoth.  These were the sons of the Levites after the house of their fathers.
24:31: These likewise cast lots over against their brethren the sons of Aaron in the presence of David the king, and Zadok, and Ahimelech, and the chief of the fathers of the priests and Levites, even the principal fathers over against their younger brethren.
25:1: Moreover David and the captains of the host separated to the service of the sons of Asaph, and of Heman, and of Jeduthun, who should prophesy with harps, with psalteries, and with cymbals: and the number of the workmen according to their service was:
25:2: Of the sons of Asaph; Zaccur, and Joseph, and Nethaniah, and Asarelah, the sons of Asaph under the hands of Asaph, which prophesied according to the order of the king.
25:3: Of Jeduthun: the sons of Jeduthun; Gedaliah, and Zeri, and Jeshaiah, Hashabiah, and Mattithiah, six, under the hands of their father Jeduthun, who prophesied with a harp, to give thanks and to praise the LORD.
25:4: Of Heman: the sons of Heman; Bukkiah, Mattaniah, Uzziel, Shebuel, and Jerimoth, Hananiah, Hanani, Eliathah, Giddalti, and Romamti-ezer, Joshbekashah, Mallothi, Hothir, and Mahazioth:
25:5: All these were the sons of Heman the king's seer in the words of God, to lift up the horn.  And God gave to Heman fourteen sons and three daughters.
25:6: All these were under the hands of their father for song in the house of the LORD, with cymbals, psalteries, and harps, for the service of the house of God, according to the king's order to Asaph, Jeduthun, and Heman.
25:7: So the number of them, with their brethren that were instructed in the songs of the LORD, even all that were cunning, was two hundred fourscore and eight.
25:8: And they cast lots, ward against ward, as well the small as the great, the teacher as the scholar.
25:9: Now the first lot came forth for Asaph to Joseph: the second to Gedaliah, who with his brethren and sons were twelve:
25:10: The third to Zaccur, he, his sons, and his brethren, were twelve: 
25:11: The fourth to Izri, he, his sons, and his brethren, were twelve:
25:12: The fifth to Nethaniah, he, his sons, and his brethren, were twelve: 
25:13: The sixth to Bukkiah, he, his sons, and his brethren, were twelve: 
25:14: The seventh to Jesharelah, he, his sons, and his brethren, were twelve:
25:15: The eighth to Jeshaiah, he, his sons, and his brethren, were twelve:
25:16: The ninth to Mattaniah, he, his sons, and his brethren, were twelve:
25:17: The tenth to Shimei, he, his sons, and his brethren, were twelve:
25:18: The eleventh to Azareel, he, his sons, and his brethren, were twelve:
25:19: The twelfth to Hashabiah, he, his sons, and his brethren, were twelve:
25:20: The thirteenth to Shubael, he, his sons, and his brethren, were twelve:
25:21: The fourteenth to Mattithiah, he, his sons, and his brethren, were twelve:
25:22: The fifteenth to Jeremoth, he, his sons, and his brethren, were twelve:
25:23: The sixteenth to Hananiah, he, his sons, and his brethren, were twelve:
25:24: The seventeenth to Joshbekashah, he, his sons, and his brethren, were twelve:
25:25: The eighteenth to Hanani, he, his sons, and his brethren, were twelve:
25:26: The nineteenth to Mallothi, he, his sons, and his brethren, were twelve:
25:27: The twentieth to Eliathah, he, his sons, and his brethren, were twelve:
25:28: The one and twentieth to Hothir, he, his sons, and his brethren, were twelve:
25:29: The two and twentieth to Giddalti, he, his sons, and his brethren, were twelve:
25:30: The three and twentieth to Mahazioth, he, his sons, and his brethren, were twelve:
25:31: The four and twentieth to Romamti-ezer, he, his sons, and his brethren, were twelve.
26:1: Concerning the divisions of the porters: Of the Korhites was Meshelemiah the son of Kore, of the sons of Asaph. 
26:2: And the sons of Meshelemiah were, Zechariah the firstborn, Jediael the second, Zebadiah the third, Jathniel the fourth,
26:3: Elam the fifth, Jehohanan the sixth, Elioenai the seventh. 
26:4: Moreover the sons of Obed-edom were, Shemaiah the firstborn, Jehozabad the second, Joah the third, and Sacar the fourth, and Nethaneel the fifth, 
26:5: Ammiel the sixth, Issachar the seventh, Peulthai the eighth: for God blessed him.
26:6: Also unto Shemaiah his son were sons born, that ruled throughout the house of their father: for they were mighty men of valour.
26:7: The sons of Shemaiah; Othni, and Rephael, and Obed, Elzabad, whose brethren were strong men, Elihu, and Semachiah.
26:8: All these of the sons of Obed-edom: they and their sons and their brethren, able men for strength for the service, were threescore and two of Obed-edom.
26:9: And Meshelemiah had sons and brethren, strong men, eighteen.
26:10: Also Hosah, of the children of Merari, had sons; Simri the chief, (for though he was not the firstborn, yet his father made him the chief;)
26:11: Hilkiah the second, Tebaliah the third, Zechariah the fourth: all the sons and brethren of Hosah were thirteen.
26:12: Among these were the divisions of the porters, even among the chief men, having wards one against another, to minister in the house of the LORD.
26:13: And they cast lots, as well the small as the great, according to the house of their fathers, for every gate.
26:14: And the lot eastward fell to Shelemiah.  Then for Zechariah his son, a wise counseller, they cast lots; and his lot came out northward.
26:15: To Obed-edom southward; and to his sons the house of Asuppim.
26:16: To Shuppim and Hosah the lot came forth westward, with the gate Shallecheth, by the causeway of the going up, ward against ward.
26:17: Eastward were six Levites, northward four a day, southward four a day, and toward Asuppim two and two.
26:18: At Parbar westward, four at the causeway, and two at Parbar.
26:19: These are the divisions of the porters among the sons of Kore, and among the sons of Merari.
26:20: And of the Levites, Ahijah was over the treasures of the house of God, and over the treasures of the dedicated things.
26:21: As concerning the sons of Laadan; the sons of the Gershonite Laadan, chief fathers, even of Laadan the Gershonite, were Jehieli.
26:22: The sons of Jehieli; Zetham, and Joel his brother, which were over the treasures of the house of the LORD.
26:23: Of the Amramites, and the Izharites, the Hebronites, and the Uzzielites:
26:24: And Shebuel the son of Gershom, the son of Moses, was ruler of the treasures. 
26:25: And his brethren by Eliezer; Rehabiah his son, and Jeshaiah his son, and Joram his son, and Zichri his son, and Shelomith his son.
26:26: Which Shelomith and his brethren were over all the treasures of the dedicated things, which David the king, and the chief fathers, the captains over thousands and hundreds, and the captains of the host, had dedicated. 
26:27: Out of the spoils won in battles did they dedicate to maintain the house of the LORD. 
26:28: And all that Samuel the seer, and Saul the son of Kish, and Abner the son of Ner, and Joab the son of Zeruiah, had dedicated; and whosoever had dedicated any thing, it was under the hand of Shelomith, and of his brethren.
26:29: Of the Izharites, Chenaniah and his sons were for the outward business over Israel, for officers and judges.
26:30: And of the Hebronites, Hashabiah and his brethren, men of valour, a thousand and seven hundred, were officers among them of Israel on this side Jordan westward in all the business of the LORD, and in the service of the king.
26:31: Among the Hebronites was Jerijah the chief, even among the Hebronites, according to the generations of his fathers.  In the fortieth year of the reign of David they were sought for, and there were found among them mighty men of valour at Jazer of Gilead.
26:32: And his brethren, men of valour, were two thousand and seven hundred chief fathers, whom king David made rulers over the Reubenites, the Gadites, and the half tribe of Manasseh, for every matter pertaining to God, and affairs of the king.
27:1: Now the children of Israel after their number, to wit, the chief fathers and captains of thousands and hundreds, and their officers that served the king in any matter of the courses, which came in and went out month by month throughout all the months of the year, of every course were twenty and four thousand.
27:2: Over the first course for the first month was Jashobeam the son of Zabdiel: and in his course were twenty and four thousand.
27:3: Of the children of Perez was the chief of all the captains of the host for the first month.
27:4: And over the course of the second month was Dodai an Ahohite, and of his course was Mikloth also the ruler: in his course likewise were twenty and four thousand.
27:5: The third captain of the host for the third month was Benaiah the son of Jehoiada, a chief priest: and in his course were twenty and four thousand.
27:6: This is that Benaiah, who was mighty among the thirty, and above the thirty: and in his course was Ammizabad his son.
27:7: The fourth captain for the fourth month was Asahel the brother of Joab, and Zebadiah his son after him: and in his course were twenty and four thousand.
27:8: The fifth captain for the fifth month was Shamhuth the Izrahite: and in his course were twenty and four thousand.
27:9: The sixth captain for the sixth month was Ira the son of Ikkesh the Tekoite: and in his course were twenty and four thousand.
27:10: The seventh captain for the seventh month was Helez the Pelonite, of the children of Ephraim: and in his course were twenty and four thousand.
27:11: The eighth captain for the eighth month was Sibbecai the Hushathite, of the Zarhites: and in his course were twenty and four thousand.
27:12: The ninth captain for the ninth month was Abiezer the Anetothite, of the Benjamites: and in his course were twenty and four thousand.
27:13: The tenth captain for the tenth month was Maharai the Netophathite, of the Zarhites: and in his course were twenty and four thousand.
27:14: The eleventh captain for the eleventh month was Benaiah the Pirathonite, of the children of Ephraim: and in his course were twenty and four thousand. 
27:15: The twelfth captain for the twelfth month was Heldai the Netophathite, of Othniel: and in his course were twenty and four thousand.
27:16: Furthermore over the tribes of Israel: the ruler of the Reubenites was Eliezer the son of Zichri: of the Simeonites, Shephatiah the son of Maachah: 
27:17: Of the Levites, Hashabiah the son of Kemuel: of the Aaronites, Zadok: 
27:18: Of Judah, Elihu, one of the brethren of David: of Issachar, Omri the son of Michael:
27:19: Of Zebulun, Ishmaiah the son of Obadiah: of Naphtali, Jerimoth the son of Azriel:
27:20: Of the children of Ephraim, Hoshea the son of Azaziah: of the half tribe of Manasseh, Joel the son of Pedaiah:
27:21: Of the half tribe of Manasseh in Gilead, Iddo the son of Zechariah: of Benjamin, Jaasiel the son of Abner:
27:22: Of Dan, Azareel the son of Jeroham.  These were the princes of the tribes of Israel. 
27:23: But David took not the number of them from twenty years old and under: because the LORD had said he would increase Israel like to the stars of the heavens.
27:24: Joab the son of Zeruiah began to number, but he finished not, because there fell wrath for it against Israel; neither was the number put in the account of the chronicles of king David. 
27:25: And over the king's treasures was Azmaveth the son of Adiel: and over the storehouses in the fields, in the cities, and in the villages, and in the castles, was Jehonathan the son of Uzziah: 
27:26: And over them that did the work of the field for tillage of the ground was Ezri the son of Chelub:
27:27: And over the vineyards was Shimei the Ramathite: over the increase of the vineyards for the wine cellars was Zabdi the Shiphmite:
27:28: And over the olive trees and the sycomore trees that were in the low plains was Baal-hanan the Gederite: and over the cellars of oil was Joash:
27:29: And over the herds that fed in Sharon was Shitrai the Sharonite: and over the herds that were in the valleys was Shaphat the son of Adlai:
27:30: Over the camels also was Obil the Ishmaelite: and over the asses was Jehdeiah the Meronothite:
27:31: And over the flocks was Jaziz the Hagerite.  All these were the rulers of the substance which was king David's.
27:32: Also Jonathan David's uncle was a counseller, a wise man, and a scribe: and Jehiel the son of Hachmoni was with the king's sons:
27:33: And Ahithophel was the king's counseller: and Hushai the Archite was the king's companion:
27:34: And after Ahithophel was Jehoiada the son of Benaiah, and Abiathar: and the general of the king's army was Joab.
28:1: And David assembled all the princes of Israel, the princes of the tribes, and the captains of the companies that ministered to the king by course, and the captains over the thousands, and captains over the hundreds, and the stewards over all the substance and possession of the king, and of his sons, with the officers, and with the mighty men, and with all the valiant men, unto Jerusalem.
28:2: Then David the king stood up upon his feet, and said, Hear me, my brethren, and my people: As for me, I had in mine heart to build an house of rest for the ark of the covenant of the LORD, and for the footstool of our God, and had made ready for the building:
28:3: But God said unto me, Thou shalt not build an house for my name, because thou hast been a man of war, and hast shed blood.
28:4: Howbeit the LORD God of Israel chose me before all the house of my father to be king over Israel for ever: for he hath chosen Judah to be the ruler; and of the house of Judah, the house of my father; and among the sons of my father he liked me to make me king over all Israel:
28:5: And of all my sons, (for the LORD hath given me many sons,) he hath chosen Solomon my son to sit upon the throne of the kingdom of the LORD over Israel.
28:6: And he said unto me, Solomon thy son, he shall build my house and my courts: for I have chosen him to be my son, and I will be his father.
28:7: Moreover I will establish his kingdom for ever, if he be constant to do my commandments and my judgments, as at this day.
28:8: Now therefore in the sight of all Israel the congregation of the LORD, and in the audience of our God, keep and seek for all the commandments of the LORD your God: that ye may possess this good land, and leave it for an inheritance for your children after you for ever.
28:9: And thou, Solomon my son, know thou the God of thy father, and serve him with a perfect heart and with a willing mind: for the LORD searcheth all hearts, and understandeth all the imaginations of the thoughts: if thou seek him, he will be found of thee; but if thou forsake him, he will cast thee off for ever.
28:10: Take heed now; for the LORD hath chosen thee to build an house for the sanctuary: be strong, and do it. 
28:11: Then David gave to Solomon his son the pattern of the porch, and of the houses thereof, and of the treasuries thereof, and of the upper chambers thereof, and of the inner parlours thereof, and of the place of the mercy seat,
28:12: And the pattern of all that he had by the spirit, of the courts of the house of the LORD, and of all the chambers round about, of the treasuries of the house of God, and of the treasuries of the dedicated things: 
28:13: Also for the courses of the priests and the Levites, and for all the work of the service of the house of the LORD, and for all the vessels of service in the house of the LORD. 
28:14: He gave of gold by weight for things of gold, for all instruments of all manner of service; silver also for all instruments of silver by weight, for all instruments of every kind of service:
28:15: Even the weight for the candlesticks of gold, and for their lamps of gold, by weight for every candlestick, and for the lamps thereof: and for the candlesticks of silver by weight, both for the candlestick, and also for the lamps thereof, according to the use of every candlestick.
28:16: And by weight he gave gold for the tables of shewbread, for every table; and likewise silver for the tables of silver:
28:17: Also pure gold for the fleshhooks, and the bowls, and the cups: and for the golden basons he gave gold by weight for every bason; and likewise silver by weight for every bason of silver:
28:18: And for the altar of incense refined gold by weight; and gold for the pattern of the chariot of the cherubims, that spread out their wings, and covered the ark of the covenant of the LORD.
28:19: All this, said David, the LORD made me understand in writing by his hand upon me, even all the works of this pattern.
28:20: And David said to Solomon his son, Be strong and of good courage, and do it: fear not, nor be dismayed: for the LORD God, even my God, will be with thee; he will not fail thee, nor forsake thee, until thou hast finished all the work for the service of the house of the LORD.
28:21: And, behold, the courses of the priests and the Levites, even they shall be with thee for all the service of the house of God: and there shall be with thee for all manner of workmanship every willing skilful man, for any manner of service: also the princes and all the people will be wholly at thy commandment.
29:1: Furthermore David the king said unto all the congregation, Solomon my son, whom alone God hath chosen, is yet young and tender, and the work is great: for the palace is not for man, but for the LORD God.
29:2: Now I have prepared with all my might for the house of my God the gold for things to be made of gold, and the silver for things of silver, and the brass for things of brass, the iron for things of iron, and wood for things of wood; onyx stones, and stones to be set, glistering stones, and of divers colours, and all manner of precious stones, and marble stones in abundance.
29:3: Moreover, because I have set my affection to the house of my God, I have of mine own proper good, of gold and silver, which I have given to the house of my God, over and above all that I have prepared for the holy house,
29:4: Even three thousand talents of gold, of the gold of Ophir, and seven thousand talents of refined silver, to overlay the walls of the houses withal:
29:5: The gold for things of gold, and the silver for things of silver, and for all manner of work to be made by the hands of artificers.  And who then is willing to consecrate his service this day unto the LORD?
29:6: Then the chief of the fathers and princes of the tribes of Israel, and the captains of thousands and of hundreds, with the rulers of the king's work, offered willingly,
29:7: And gave for the service of the house of God of gold five thousand talents and ten thousand drams, and of silver ten thousand talents, and of brass eighteen thousand talents, and one hundred thousand talents of iron.
29:8: And they with whom precious stones were found gave them to the treasure of the house of the LORD, by the hand of Jehiel the Gershonite.
29:9: Then the people rejoiced, for that they offered willingly, because with perfect heart they offered willingly to the LORD: and David the king also rejoiced with great joy.
29:10: Wherefore David blessed the LORD before all the congregation: and David said, Blessed be thou, LORD God of Israel our father, for ever and ever.
29:11: Thine, O LORD, is the greatness, and the power, and the glory, and the victory, and the majesty: for all that is in the heaven and in the earth is thine; thine is the kingdom, O LORD, and thou art exalted as head above all. 
29:12: Both riches and honour come of thee, and thou reignest over all; and in thine hand is power and might; and in thine hand it is to make great, and to give strength unto all.
29:13: Now therefore, our God, we thank thee, and praise thy glorious name. 
29:14: But who am I, and what is my people, that we should be able to offer so willingly after this sort?  for all things come of thee, and of thine own have we given thee. 
29:15: For we are strangers before thee, and sojourners, as were all our fathers: our days on the earth are as a shadow, and there is none abiding.
29:16: O LORD our God, all this store that we have prepared to build thee an house for thine holy name cometh of thine hand, and is all thine own.
29:17: I know also, my God, that thou triest the heart, and hast pleasure in uprightness.  As for me, in the uprightness of mine heart I have willingly offered all these things: and now have I seen with joy thy people, which are present here, to offer willingly unto thee.
29:18: O LORD God of Abraham, Isaac, and of Israel, our fathers, keep this for ever in the imagination of the thoughts of the heart of thy people, and prepare their heart unto thee:
29:19: And give unto Solomon my son a perfect heart, to keep thy commandments, thy testimonies, and thy statutes, and to do all these things, and to build the palace, for the which I have made provision.
29:20: And David said to all the congregation, Now bless the LORD your God.  And all the congregation blessed the LORD God of their fathers, and bowed down their heads, and worshipped the LORD, and the king.
29:21: And they sacrificed sacrifices unto the LORD, and offered burnt offerings unto the LORD, on the morrow after that day, even a thousand bullocks, a thousand rams, and a thousand lambs, with their drink offerings, and sacrifices in abundance for all Israel:
29:22: And did eat and drink before the LORD on that day with great gladness.  And they made Solomon the son of David king the second time, and anointed him unto the LORD to be the chief governor, and Zadok to be priest.
29:23: Then Solomon sat on the throne of the LORD as king instead of David his father, and prospered; and all Israel obeyed him.
29:24: And all the princes, and the mighty men, and all the sons likewise of king David, submitted themselves unto Solomon the king.
29:25: And the LORD magnified Solomon exceedingly in the sight of all Israel, and bestowed upon him such royal majesty as had not been on any king before him in Israel.
29:26: Thus David the son of Jesse reigned over all Israel.
29:27: And the time that he reigned over Israel was forty years; seven years reigned he in Hebron, and thirty and three years reigned he in Jerusalem.
29:28: And he died in a good old age, full of days, riches, and honour: and Solomon his son reigned in his stead.
29:29: Now the acts of David the king, first and last, behold, they are written in the book of Samuel the seer, and in the book of Nathan the prophet, and in the book of Gad the seer,
29:30: With all his reign and his might, and the times that went over him, and over Israel, and over all the kingdoms of the countries.

SECOND CHRONICLES
1:1: And Solomon the son of David was strengthened in his kingdom, and the LORD his God was with him, and magnified him exceedingly. 
1:2: Then Solomon spake unto all Israel, to the captains of thousands and of hundreds, and to the judges, and to every governor in all Israel, the chief of the fathers.
1:3: So Solomon, and all the congregation with him, went to the high place that was at Gibeon; for there was the tabernacle of the congregation of God, which Moses the servant of the LORD had made in the wilderness.
1:4: But the ark of God had David brought up from Kirjath-jearim to the place which David had prepared for it: for he had pitched a tent for it at Jerusalem.
1:5: Moreover the brasen altar, that Bezaleel the son of Uri, the son of Hur, had made, he put before the tabernacle of the LORD: and Solomon and the congregation sought unto it.
1:6: And Solomon went up thither to the brasen altar before the LORD, which was at the tabernacle of the congregation, and offered a thousand burnt offerings upon it.
1:7: In that night did God appear unto Solomon, and said unto him, Ask what I shall give thee.
1:8: And Solomon said unto God, Thou hast shewed great mercy unto David my father, and hast made me to reign in his stead.
1:9: Now, O LORD God, let thy promise unto David my father be established: for thou hast made me king over a people like the dust of the earth in multitude.
1:10: Give me now wisdom and knowledge, that I may go out and come in before this people: for who can judge this thy people, that is so great?
1:11: And God said to Solomon, Because this was in thine heart, and thou hast not asked riches, wealth, or honour, nor the life of thine enemies, neither yet hast asked long life; but hast asked wisdom and knowledge for thyself, that thou mayest judge my people, over whom I have made thee king:
1:12: Wisdom and knowledge is granted unto thee; and I will give thee riches, and wealth, and honour, such as none of the kings have had that have been before thee, neither shall there any after thee have the like.
1:13: Then Solomon came from his journey to the high place that was at Gibeon to Jerusalem, from before the tabernacle of the congregation, and reigned over Israel.
1:14: And Solomon gathered chariots and horsemen: and he had a thousand and four hundred chariots, and twelve thousand horsemen, which he placed in the chariot cities, and with the king at Jerusalem.
1:15: And the king made silver and gold at Jerusalem as plenteous as stones, and cedar trees made he as the sycomore trees that are in the vale for abundance.
1:16: And Solomon had horses brought out of Egypt, and linen yarn: the king's merchants received the linen yarn at a price.
1:17: And they fetched up, and brought forth out of Egypt a chariot for six hundred shekels of silver, and an horse for an hundred and fifty: and so brought they out horses for all the kings of the Hittites, and for the kings of Syria, by their means.
2:1: And Solomon determined to build an house for the name of the LORD, and an house for his kingdom.
2:2: And Solomon told out threescore and ten thousand men to bear burdens, and fourscore thousand to hew in the mountain, and three thousand and six hundred to oversee them.
2:3: And Solomon sent to Huram the king of Tyre, saying, As thou didst deal with David my father, and didst send him cedars to build him an house to dwell therein, even so deal with me. 
2:4: Behold, I build an house to the name of the LORD my God, to dedicate it to him, and to burn before him sweet incense, and for the continual shewbread, and for the burnt offerings morning and evening, on the sabbaths, and on the new moons, and on the solemn feasts of the LORD our God.  This is an ordinance for ever to Israel.
2:5: And the house which I build is great: for great is our God above all gods. 
2:6: But who is able to build him an house, seeing the heaven and heaven of heavens cannot contain him?  who am I then, that I should build him an house, save only to burn sacrifice before him? 
2:7: Send me now therefore a man cunning to work in gold, and in silver, and in brass, and in iron, and in purple, and crimson, and blue, and that can skill to grave with the cunning men that are with me in Judah and in Jerusalem, whom David my father did provide.
2:8: Send me also cedar trees, fir trees, and algum trees, out of Lebanon: for I know that thy servants can skill to cut timber in Lebanon; and, behold, my servants shall be with thy servants,
2:9: Even to prepare me timber in abundance: for the house which I am about to build shall be wonderful great.
2:10: And, behold, I will give to thy servants, the hewers that cut timber, twenty thousand measures of beaten wheat, and twenty thousand measures of barley, and twenty thousand baths of wine, and twenty thousand baths of oil.
2:11: Then Huram the king of Tyre answered in writing, which he sent to Solomon, Because the LORD hath loved his people, he hath made thee king over them.
2:12: Huram said moreover, Blessed be the LORD God of Israel, that made heaven and earth, who hath given to David the king a wise son, endued with prudence and understanding, that might build an house for the LORD, and an house for his kingdom.
2:13: And now I have sent a cunning man, endued with understanding, of Huram my father's,
2:14: The son of a woman of the daughters of Dan, and his father was a man of Tyre, skilful to work in gold, and in silver, in brass, in iron, in stone, and in timber, in purple, in blue, and in fine linen, and in crimson; also to grave any manner of graving, and to find out every device which shall be put to him, with thy cunning men, and with the cunning men of my lord David thy father.
2:15: Now therefore the wheat, and the barley, the oil, and the wine, which my lord hath spoken of, let him send unto his servants:
2:16: And we will cut wood out of Lebanon, as much as thou shalt need: and we will bring it to thee in floats by sea to Joppa; and thou shalt carry it up to Jerusalem.
2:17: And Solomon numbered all the strangers that were in the land of Israel, after the numbering wherewith David his father had numbered them; and they were found an hundred and fifty thousand and three thousand and six hundred.
2:18: And he set threescore and ten thousand of them to be bearers of burdens, and fourscore thousand to be hewers in the mountain, and three thousand and six hundred overseers to set the people a work.
3:1: Then Solomon began to build the house of the LORD at Jerusalem in mount Moriah, where the LORD appeared unto David his father, in the place that David had prepared in the threshingfloor of Ornan the Jebusite.
3:2: And he began to build in the second day of the second month, in the fourth year of his reign.
3:3: Now these are the things wherein Solomon was instructed for the building of the house of God.  The length by cubits after the first measure was threescore cubits, and the breadth twenty cubits.
3:4: And the porch that was in the front of the house, the length of it was according to the breadth of the house, twenty cubits, and the height was an hundred and twenty: and he overlaid it within with pure gold.
3:5: And the greater house he cieled with fir tree, which he overlaid with fine gold, and set thereon palm trees and chains.
3:6: And he garnished the house with precious stones for beauty: and the gold was gold of Parvaim.
3:7: He overlaid also the house, the beams, the posts, and the walls thereof, and the doors thereof, with gold; and graved cherubims on the walls. 
3:8: And he made the most holy house, the length whereof was according to the breadth of the house, twenty cubits, and the breadth thereof twenty cubits: and he overlaid it with fine gold, amounting to six hundred talents.
3:9: And the weight of the nails was fifty shekels of gold.  And he overlaid the upper chambers with gold. 
3:10: And in the most holy house he made two cherubims of image work, and overlaid them with gold. 
3:11: And the wings of the cherubims were twenty cubits long: one wing of the one cherub was five cubits, reaching to the wall of the house: and the other wing was likewise five cubits, reaching to the wing of the other cherub.
3:12: And one wing of the other cherub was five cubits, reaching to the wall of the house: and the other wing was five cubits also, joining to the wing of the other cherub.
3:13: The wings of these cherubims spread themselves forth twenty cubits: and they stood on their feet, and their faces were inward.
3:14: And he made the vail of blue, and purple, and crimson, and fine linen, and wrought cherubims thereon.
3:15: Also he made before the house two pillars of thirty and five cubits high, and the chapiter that was on the top of each of them was five cubits.
3:16: And he made chains, as in the oracle, and put them on the heads of the pillars; and made an hundred pomegranates, and put them on the chains.
3:17: And he reared up the pillars before the temple, one on the right hand, and the other on the left; and called the name of that on the right hand Jachin, and the name of that on the left Boaz.
4:1: Moreover he made an altar of brass, twenty cubits the length thereof, and twenty cubits the breadth thereof, and ten cubits the height thereof.
4:2: Also he made a molten sea of ten cubits from brim to brim, round in compass, and five cubits the height thereof; and a line of thirty cubits did compass it round about.
4:3: And under it was the similitude of oxen, which did compass it round about: ten in a cubit, compassing the sea round about.  Two rows of oxen were cast, when it was cast.
4:4: It stood upon twelve oxen, three looking toward the north, and three looking toward the west, and three looking toward the south, and three looking toward the east: and the sea was set above upon them, and all their hinder parts were inward.
4:5: And the thickness of it was an handbreadth, and the brim of it like the work of the brim of a cup, with flowers of lilies; and it received and held three thousand baths.
4:6: He made also ten lavers, and put five on the right hand, and five on the left, to wash in them: such things as they offered for the burnt offering they washed in them; but the sea was for the priests to wash in.
4:7: And he made ten candlesticks of gold according to their form, and set them in the temple, five on the right hand, and five on the left.
4:8: He made also ten tables, and placed them in the temple, five on the right side, and five on the left.  And he made an hundred basons of gold.
4:9: Furthermore he made the court of the priests, and the great court, and doors for the court, and overlaid the doors of them with brass.
4:10: And he set the sea on the right side of the east end, over against the south.
4:11: And Huram made the pots, and the shovels, and the basons.  And Huram finished the work that he was to make for king Solomon for the house of God;
4:12: To wit, the two pillars, and the pommels, and the chapiters which were on the top of the two pillars, and the two wreaths to cover the two pommels of the chapiters which were on the top of the pillars;
4:13: And four hundred pomegranates on the two wreaths; two rows of pomegranates on each wreath, to cover the two pommels of the chapiters which were upon the pillars.
4:14: He made also bases, and lavers made he upon the bases;
4:15: One sea, and twelve oxen under it. 
4:16: The pots also, and the shovels, and the fleshhooks, and all their instruments, did Huram his father make to king Solomon for the house of the LORD of bright brass.
4:17: In the plain of Jordan did the king cast them, in the clay ground between Succoth and Zeredathah. 
4:18: Thus Solomon made all these vessels in great abundance: for the weight of the brass could not be found out. 
4:19: And Solomon made all the vessels that were for the house of God, the golden altar also, and the tables whereon the shewbread was set;
4:20: Moreover the candlesticks with their lamps, that they should burn after the manner before the oracle, of pure gold;
4:21: And the flowers, and the lamps, and the tongs, made he of gold, and that perfect gold;
4:22: And the snuffers, and the basons, and the spoons, and the censers, of pure gold: and the entry of the house, the inner doors thereof for the most holy place, and the doors of the house of the temple, were of gold.
5:1: Thus all the work that Solomon made for the house of the LORD was finished: and Solomon brought in all the things that David his father had dedicated; and the silver, and the gold, and all the instruments, put he among the treasures of the house of God.
5:2: Then Solomon assembled the elders of Israel, and all the heads of the tribes, the chief of the fathers of the children of Israel, unto Jerusalem, to bring up the ark of the covenant of the LORD out of the city of David, which is Zion.
5:3: Wherefore all the men of Israel assembled themselves unto the king in the feast which was in the seventh month.
5:4: And all the elders of Israel came; and the Levites took up the ark.
5:5: And they brought up the ark, and the tabernacle of the congregation, and all the holy vessels that were in the tabernacle, these did the priests and the Levites bring up.
5:6: Also king Solomon, and all the congregation of Israel that were assembled unto him before the ark, sacrificed sheep and oxen, which could not be told nor numbered for multitude.
5:7: And the priests brought in the ark of the covenant of the LORD unto his place, to the oracle of the house, into the most holy place, even under the wings of the cherubims:
5:8: For the cherubims spread forth their wings over the place of the ark, and the cherubims covered the ark and the staves thereof above.
5:9: And they drew out the staves of the ark, that the ends of the staves were seen from the ark before the oracle; but they were not seen without.  And there it is unto this day.
5:10: There was nothing in the ark save the two tables which Moses put therein at Horeb, when the LORD made a covenant with the children of Israel, when they came out of Egypt.
5:11: And it came to pass, when the priests were come out of the holy place: (for all the priests that were present were sanctified, and did not then wait by course:
5:12: Also the Levites which were the singers, all of them of Asaph, of Heman, of Jeduthun, with their sons and their brethren, being arrayed in white linen, having cymbals and psalteries and harps, stood at the east end of the altar, and with them an hundred and twenty priests sounding with trumpets:)
5:13: It came even to pass, as the trumpeters and singers were as one, to make one sound to be heard in praising and thanking the LORD; and when they lifted up their voice with the trumpets and cymbals and instruments of musick, and praised the LORD, saying, For he is good; for his mercy endureth for ever: that then the house was filled with a cloud, even the house of the LORD;
5:14: So that the priests could not stand to minister by reason of the cloud: for the glory of the LORD had filled the house of God.
6:1: Then said Solomon, The LORD hath said that he would dwell in the thick darkness.
6:2: But I have built an house of habitation for thee, and a place for thy dwelling for ever. 
6:3: And the king turned his face, and blessed the whole congregation of Israel: and all the congregation of Israel stood. 
6:4: And he said, Blessed be the LORD God of Israel, who hath with his hands fulfilled that which he spake with his mouth to my father David, saying,
6:5: Since the day that I brought forth my people out of the land of Egypt I chose no city among all the tribes of Israel to build an house in, that my name might be there; neither chose I any man to be a ruler over my people Israel:
6:6: But I have chosen Jerusalem, that my name might be there; and have chosen David to be over my people Israel.
6:7: Now it was in the heart of David my father to build an house for the name of the LORD God of Israel.
6:8: But the LORD said to David my father, Forasmuch as it was in thine heart to build an house for my name, thou didst well in that it was in thine heart:
6:9: Notwithstanding thou shalt not build the house; but thy son which shall come forth out of thy loins, he shall build the house for my name.
6:10: The LORD therefore hath performed his word that he hath spoken: for I am risen up in the room of David my father, and am set on the throne of Israel, as the LORD promised, and have built the house for the name of the LORD God of Israel.
6:11: And in it have I put the ark, wherein is the covenant of the LORD, that he made with the children of Israel.
6:12: And he stood before the altar of the LORD in the presence of all the congregation of Israel, and spread forth his hands:
6:13: For Solomon had made a brasen scaffold, of five cubits long, and five cubits broad, and three cubits high, and had set it in the midst of the court: and upon it he stood, and kneeled down upon his knees before all the congregation of Israel, and spread forth his hands toward heaven,
6:14: And said, O LORD God of Israel, there is no God like thee in the heaven, nor in the earth; which keepest covenant, and shewest mercy unto thy servants, that walk before thee with all their hearts:
6:15: Thou which hast kept with thy servant David my father that which thou hast promised him; and spakest with thy mouth, and hast fulfilled it with thine hand, as it is this day.
6:16: Now therefore, O LORD God of Israel, keep with thy servant David my father that which thou hast promised him, saying, There shall not fail thee a man in my sight to sit upon the throne of Israel; yet so that thy children take heed to their way to walk in my law, as thou hast walked before me.
6:17: Now then, O LORD God of Israel, let thy word be verified, which thou hast spoken unto thy servant David.
6:18: But will God in very deed dwell with men on the earth?  behold, heaven and the heaven of heavens cannot contain thee; how much less this house which I have built!
6:19: Have respect therefore to the prayer of thy servant, and to his supplication, O LORD my God, to hearken unto the cry and the prayer which thy servant prayeth before thee:
6:20: That thine eyes may be open upon this house day and night, upon the place whereof thou hast said that thou wouldest put thy name there; to hearken unto the prayer which thy servant prayeth toward this place.
6:21: Hearken therefore unto the supplications of thy servant, and of thy people Israel, which they shall make toward this place: hear thou from thy dwelling place, even from heaven; and when thou hearest, forgive.
6:22: If a man sin against his neighbour, and an oath be laid upon him to make him swear, and the oath come before thine altar in this house;
6:23: Then hear thou from heaven, and do, and judge thy servants, by requiting the wicked, by recompensing his way upon his own head; and by justifying the righteous, by giving him according to his righteousness. 
6:24: And if thy people Israel be put to the worse before the enemy, because they have sinned against thee; and shall return and confess thy name, and pray and make supplication before thee in this house;
6:25: Then hear thou from the heavens, and forgive the sin of thy people Israel, and bring them again unto the land which thou gavest to them and to their fathers. 
6:26: When the heaven is shut up, and there is no rain, because they have sinned against thee; yet if they pray toward this place, and confess thy name, and turn from their sin, when thou dost afflict them; 
6:27: Then hear thou from heaven, and forgive the sin of thy servants, and of thy people Israel, when thou hast taught them the good way, wherein they should walk; and send rain upon thy land, which thou hast given unto thy people for an inheritance.
6:28: If there be dearth in the land, if there be pestilence, if there be blasting, or mildew, locusts, or caterpillers; if their enemies besiege them in the cities of their land; whatsoever sore or whatsoever sickness there be:
6:29: Then what prayer or what supplication soever shall be made of any man, or of all thy people Israel, when every one shall know his own sore and his own grief, and shall spread forth his hands in this house:
6:30: Then hear thou from heaven thy dwelling place, and forgive, and render unto every man according unto all his ways, whose heart thou knowest; (for thou only knowest the hearts of the children of men:)
6:31: That they may fear thee, to walk in thy ways, so long as they live in the land which thou gavest unto our fathers.
6:32: Moreover concerning the stranger, which is not of thy people Israel, but is come from a far country for thy great name's sake, and thy mighty hand, and thy stretched out arm; if they come and pray in this house;
6:33: Then hear thou from the heavens, even from thy dwelling place, and do according to all that the stranger calleth to thee for; that all people of the earth may know thy name, and fear thee, as doth thy people Israel, and may know that this house which I have built is called by thy name.
6:34: If thy people go out to war against their enemies by the way that thou shalt send them, and they pray unto thee toward this city which thou hast chosen, and the house which I have built for thy name;
6:35: Then hear thou from the heavens their prayer and their supplication, and maintain their cause.
6:36: If they sin against thee, (for there is no man which sinneth not,) and thou be angry with them, and deliver them over before their enemies, and they carry them away captives unto a land far off or near;
6:37: Yet if they bethink themselves in the land whither they are carried captive, and turn and pray unto thee in the land of their captivity, saying, We have sinned, we have done amiss, and have dealt wickedly;
6:38: If they return to thee with all their heart and with all their soul in the land of their captivity, whither they have carried them captives, and pray toward their land, which thou gavest unto their fathers, and toward the city which thou hast chosen, and toward the house which I have built for thy name:
6:39: Then hear thou from the heavens, even from thy dwelling place, their prayer and their supplications, and maintain their cause, and forgive thy people which have sinned against thee.
6:40: Now, my God, let, I beseech thee, thine eyes be open, and let thine ears be attent unto the prayer that is made in this place.
6:41: Now therefore arise, O LORD God, into thy resting place, thou, and the ark of thy strength: let thy priests, O LORD God, be clothed with salvation, and let thy saints rejoice in goodness.
6:42: O LORD God, turn not away the face of thine anointed: remember the mercies of David thy servant.
7:1: Now when Solomon had made an end of praying, the fire came down from heaven, and consumed the burnt offering and the sacrifices; and the glory of the LORD filled the house.
7:2: And the priests could not enter into the house of the LORD, because the glory of the LORD had filled the LORD's house. 
7:3: And when all the children of Israel saw how the fire came down, and the glory of the LORD upon the house, they bowed themselves with their faces to the ground upon the pavement, and worshipped, and praised the LORD, saying, For he is good; for his mercy endureth for ever.
7:4: Then the king and all the people offered sacrifices before the LORD. 
7:5: And king Solomon offered a sacrifice of twenty and two thousand oxen, and an hundred and twenty thousand sheep: so the king and all the people dedicated the house of God. 
7:6: And the priests waited on their offices: the Levites also with instruments of musick of the LORD, which David the king had made to praise the LORD, because his mercy endureth for ever, when David praised by their ministry; and the priests sounded trumpets before them, and all Israel stood.
7:7: Moreover Solomon hallowed the middle of the court that was before the house of the LORD: for there he offered burnt offerings, and the fat of the peace offerings, because the brasen altar which Solomon had made was not able to receive the burnt offerings, and the meat offerings, and the fat.
7:8: Also at the same time Solomon kept the feast seven days, and all Israel with him, a very great congregation, from the entering in of Hamath unto the river of Egypt.
7:9: And in the eighth day they made a solemn assembly: for they kept the dedication of the altar seven days, and the feast seven days.
7:10: And on the three and twentieth day of the seventh month he sent the people away into their tents, glad and merry in heart for the goodness that the LORD had shewed unto David, and to Solomon, and to Israel his people.
7:11: Thus Solomon finished the house of the LORD, and the king's house: and all that came into Solomon's heart to make in the house of the LORD, and in his own house, he prosperously effected.
7:12: And the LORD appeared to Solomon by night, and said unto him, I have heard thy prayer, and have chosen this place to myself for an house of sacrifice.
7:13: If I shut up heaven that there be no rain, or if I command the locusts to devour the land, or if I send pestilence among my people;
7:14: If my people, which are called by my name, shall humble themselves, and pray, and seek my face, and turn from their wicked ways; then will I hear from heaven, and will forgive their sin, and will heal their land.
7:15: Now mine eyes shall be open, and mine ears attent unto the prayer that is made in this place.
7:16: For now have I chosen and sanctified this house, that my name may be there for ever: and mine eyes and mine heart shall be there perpetually.
7:17: And as for thee, if thou wilt walk before me, as David thy father walked, and do according to all that I have commanded thee, and shalt observe my statutes and my judgments;
7:18: Then will I stablish the throne of thy kingdom, according as I have covenanted with David thy father, saying, There shall not fail thee a man to be ruler in Israel.
7:19: But if ye turn away, and forsake my statutes and my commandments, which I have set before you, and shall go and serve other gods, and worship them;
7:20: Then will I pluck them up by the roots out of my land which I have given them; and this house, which I have sanctified for my name, will I cast out of my sight, and will make it to be a proverb and a byword among all nations.
7:21: And this house, which is high, shall be an astonishment to every one that passeth by it; so that he shall say, Why hath the LORD done thus unto this land, and unto this house?
7:22: And it shall be answered, Because they forsook the LORD God of their fathers, which brought them forth out of the land of Egypt, and laid hold on other gods, and worshipped them, and served them: therefore hath he brought all this evil upon them.
8:1: And it came to pass at the end of twenty years, wherein Solomon had built the house of the LORD, and his own house,
8:2: That the cities which Huram had restored to Solomon, Solomon built them, and caused the children of Israel to dwell there. 
8:3: And Solomon went to Hamath-zobah, and prevailed against it.
8:4: And he built Tadmor in the wilderness, and all the store cities, which he built in Hamath. 
8:5: Also he built Beth-horon the upper, and Beth-horon the nether, fenced cities, with walls, gates, and bars; 
8:6: And Baalath, and all the store cities that Solomon had, and all the chariot cities, and the cities of the horsemen, and all that Solomon desired to build in Jerusalem, and in Lebanon, and throughout all the land of his dominion.
8:7: As for all the people that were left of the Hittites, and the Amorites, and the Perizzites, and the Hivites, and the Jebusites, which were not of Israel,
8:8: But of their children, who were left after them in the land, whom the children of Israel consumed not, them did Solomon make to pay tribute until this day.
8:9: But of the children of Israel did Solomon make no servants for his work; but they were men of war, and chief of his captains, and captains of his chariots and horsemen.
8:10: And these were the chief of king Solomon's officers, even two hundred and fifty, that bare rule over the people.
8:11: And Solomon brought up the daughter of Pharaoh out of the city of David unto the house that he had built for her: for he said, My wife shall not dwell in the house of David king of Israel, because the places are holy, whereunto the ark of the LORD hath come.
8:12: Then Solomon offered burnt offerings unto the LORD on the altar of the LORD, which he had built before the porch,
8:13: Even after a certain rate every day, offering according to the commandment of Moses, on the sabbaths, and on the new moons, and on the solemn feasts, three times in the year, even in the feast of unleavened bread, and in the feast of weeks, and in the feast of tabernacles.
8:14: And he appointed, according to the order of David his father, the courses of the priests to their service, and the Levites to their charges, to praise and minister before the priests, as the duty of every day required: the porters also by their courses at every gate: for so had David the man of God commanded.
8:15: And they departed not from the commandment of the king unto the priests and Levites concerning any matter, or concerning the treasures.
8:16: Now all the work of Solomon was prepared unto the day of the foundation of the house of the LORD, and until it was finished.  So the house of the LORD was perfected.
8:17: Then went Solomon to Ezion-geber, and to Eloth, at the sea side in the land of Edom.
8:18: And Huram sent him by the hands of his servants ships, and servants that had knowledge of the sea; and they went with the servants of Solomon to Ophir, and took thence four hundred and fifty talents of gold, and brought them to king Solomon.
9:1: And when the queen of Sheba heard of the fame of Solomon, she came to prove Solomon with hard questions at Jerusalem, with a very great company, and camels that bare spices, and gold in abundance, and precious stones: and when she was come to Solomon, she communed with him of all that was in her heart.
9:2: And Solomon told her all her questions: and there was nothing hid from Solomon which he told her not.
9:3: And when the queen of Sheba had seen the wisdom of Solomon, and the house that he had built,
9:4: And the meat of his table, and the sitting of his servants, and the attendance of his ministers, and their apparel; his cupbearers also, and their apparel; and his ascent by which he went up into the house of the LORD; there was no more spirit in her.
9:5: And she said to the king, It was a true report which I heard in mine own land of thine acts, and of thy wisdom:
9:6: Howbeit I believed not their words, until I came, and mine eyes had seen it: and, behold, the one half of the greatness of thy wisdom was not told me: for thou exceedest the fame that I heard. 
9:7: Happy are thy men, and happy are these thy servants, which stand continually before thee, and hear thy wisdom.
9:8: Blessed be the LORD thy God, which delighted in thee to set thee on his throne, to be king for the LORD thy God: because thy God loved Israel, to establish them for ever, therefore made he thee king over them, to do judgment and justice. 
9:9: And she gave the king an hundred and twenty talents of gold, and of spices great abundance, and precious stones: neither was there any such spice as the queen of Sheba gave king Solomon. 
9:10: And the servants also of Huram, and the servants of Solomon, which brought gold from Ophir, brought algum trees and precious stones.
9:11: And the king made of the algum trees terraces to the house of the LORD, and to the king's palace, and harps and psalteries for singers: and there were none such seen before in the land of Judah.
9:12: And king Solomon gave to the queen of Sheba all her desire, whatsoever she asked, beside that which she had brought unto the king.  So she turned, and went away to her own land, she and her servants.
9:13: Now the weight of gold that came to Solomon in one year was six hundred and threescore and six talents of gold;
9:14: Beside that which chapmen and merchants brought.  And all the kings of Arabia and governors of the country brought gold and silver to Solomon.
9:15: And king Solomon made two hundred targets of beaten gold: six hundred shekels of beaten gold went to one target.
9:16: And three hundred shields made he of beaten gold: three hundred shekels of gold went to one shield.  And the king put them in the house of the forest of Lebanon.
9:17: Moreover the king made a great throne of ivory, and overlaid it with pure gold.
9:18: And there were six steps to the throne, with a footstool of gold, which were fastened to the throne, and stays on each side of the sitting place, and two lions standing by the stays:
9:19: And twelve lions stood there on the one side and on the other upon the six steps.  There was not the like made in any kingdom.
9:20: And all the drinking vessels of king Solomon were of gold, and all the vessels of the house of the forest of Lebanon were of pure gold: none were of silver; it was not any thing accounted of in the days of Solomon.
9:21: For the king's ships went to Tarshish with the servants of Huram: every three years once came the ships of Tarshish bringing gold, and silver, ivory, and apes, and peacocks.
9:22: And king Solomon passed all the kings of the earth in riches and wisdom.
9:23: And all the kings of the earth sought the presence of Solomon, to hear his wisdom, that God had put in his heart.
9:24: And they brought every man his present, vessels of silver, and vessels of gold, and raiment, harness, and spices, horses, and mules, a rate year by year.
9:25: And Solomon had four thousand stalls for horses and chariots, and twelve thousand horsemen; whom he bestowed in the chariot cities, and with the king at Jerusalem.
9:26: And he reigned over all the kings from the river even unto the land of the Philistines, and to the border of Egypt.
9:27: And the king made silver in Jerusalem as stones, and cedar trees made he as the sycomore trees that are in the low plains in abundance.
9:28: And they brought unto Solomon horses out of Egypt, and out of all lands.
9:29: Now the rest of the acts of Solomon, first and last, are they not written in the book of Nathan the prophet, and in the prophecy of Ahijah the Shilonite, and in the visions of Iddo the seer against Jeroboam the son of Nebat?
9:30: And Solomon reigned in Jerusalem over all Israel forty years.
9:31: And Solomon slept with his fathers, and he was buried in the city of David his father: and Rehoboam his son reigned in his stead. 
10:1: And Rehoboam went to Shechem: for to Shechem were all Israel come to make him king. 
10:2: And it came to pass, when Jeroboam the son of Nebat, who was in Egypt, whither he had fled from the presence of Solomon the king, heard it, that Jeroboam returned out of Egypt. 
10:3: And they sent and called him.  So Jeroboam and all Israel came and spake to Rehoboam, saying,
10:4: Thy father made our yoke grievous: now therefore ease thou somewhat the grievous servitude of thy father, and his heavy yoke that he put upon us, and we will serve thee.
10:5: And he said unto them, Come again unto me after three days.  And the people departed.
10:6: And king Rehoboam took counsel with the old men that had stood before Solomon his father while he yet lived, saying, What counsel give ye me to return answer to this people?
10:7: And they spake unto him, saying, If thou be kind to this people, and please them, and speak good words to them, they will be thy servants for ever.
10:8: But he forsook the counsel which the old men gave him, and took counsel with the young men that were brought up with him, that stood before him.
10:9: And he said unto them, What advice give ye that we may return answer to this people, which have spoken to me, saying, Ease somewhat the yoke that thy father did put upon us?
10:10: And the young men that were brought up with him spake unto him, saying, Thus shalt thou answer the people that spake unto thee, saying, Thy father made our yoke heavy, but make thou it somewhat lighter for us; thus shalt thou say unto them, My little finger shall be thicker than my father's loins.
10:11: For whereas my father put a heavy yoke upon you, I will put more to your yoke: my father chastised you with whips, but I will chastise you with scorpions.
10:12: So Jeroboam and all the people came to Rehoboam on the third day, as the king bade, saying, Come again to me on the third day.
10:13: And the king answered them roughly; and king Rehoboam forsook the counsel of the old men,
10:14: And answered them after the advice of the young men, saying, My father made your yoke heavy, but I will add thereto: my father chastised you with whips, but I will chastise you with scorpions.
10:15: So the king hearkened not unto the people: for the cause was of God, that the LORD might perform his word, which he spake by the hand of Ahijah the Shilonite to Jeroboam the son of Nebat.
10:16: And when all Israel saw that the king would not hearken unto them, the people answered the king, saying, What portion have we in David?  and we have none inheritance in the son of Jesse: every man to your tents, O Israel: and now, David, see to thine own house.  So all Israel went to their tents.
10:17: But as for the children of Israel that dwelt in the cities of Judah, Rehoboam reigned over them.
10:18: Then king Rehoboam sent Hadoram that was over the tribute; and the children of Israel stoned him with stones, that he died.  But king Rehoboam made speed to get him up to his chariot, to flee to Jerusalem.
10:19: And Israel rebelled against the house of David unto this day.
11:1: And when Rehoboam was come to Jerusalem, he gathered of the house of Judah and Benjamin an hundred and fourscore thousand chosen men, which were warriors, to fight against Israel, that he might bring the kingdom again to Rehoboam.
11:2: But the word of the LORD came to Shemaiah the man of God, saying, 
11:3: Speak unto Rehoboam the son of Solomon, king of Judah, and to all Israel in Judah and Benjamin, saying,
11:4: Thus saith the LORD, Ye shall not go up, nor fight against your brethren: return every man to his house: for this thing is done of me.  And they obeyed the words of the LORD, and returned from going against Jeroboam. 
11:5: And Rehoboam dwelt in Jerusalem, and built cities for defence in Judah. 
11:6: He built even Bethlehem, and Etam, and Tekoa,
11:7: And Beth-zur, and Shoco, and Adullam,
11:8: And Gath, and Mareshah, and Ziph,
11:9: And Adoraim, and Lachish, and Azekah,
11:10: And Zorah, and Aijalon, and Hebron, which are in Judah and in Benjamin fenced cities.
11:11: And he fortified the strong holds, and put captains in them, and store of victual, and of oil and wine.
11:12: And in every several city he put shields and spears, and made them exceeding strong, having Judah and Benjamin on his side.
11:13: And the priests and the Levites that were in all Israel resorted to him out of all their coasts.
11:14: For the Levites left their suburbs and their possession, and came to Judah and Jerusalem: for Jeroboam and his sons had cast them off from executing the priest's office unto the LORD:
11:15: And he ordained him priests for the high places, and for the devils, and for the calves which he had made.
11:16: And after them out of all the tribes of Israel such as set their hearts to seek the LORD God of Israel came to Jerusalem, to sacrifice unto the LORD God of their fathers.
11:17: So they strengthened the kingdom of Judah, and made Rehoboam the son of Solomon strong, three years: for three years they walked in the way of David and Solomon.
11:18: And Rehoboam took him Mahalath the daughter of Jerimoth the son of David to wife, and Abihail the daughter of Eliab the son of Jesse;
11:19: Which bare him children; Jeush, and Shamariah, and Zaham.
11:20: And after her he took Maachah the daughter of Absalom; which bare him Abijah, and Attai, and Ziza, and Shelomith.
11:21: And Rehoboam loved Maachah the daughter of Absalom above all his wives and his concubines: (for he took eighteen wives, and threescore concubines; and begat twenty and eight sons, and threescore daughters.)
11:22: And Rehoboam made Abijah the son of Maachah the chief, to be ruler among his brethren: for he thought to make him king.
11:23: And he dealt wisely, and dispersed of all his children throughout all the countries of Judah and Benjamin, unto every fenced city: and he gave them victual in abundance.  And he desired many wives.
12:1: And it came to pass, when Rehoboam had established the kingdom, and had strengthened himself, he forsook the law of the LORD, and all Israel with him. 
12:2: And it came to pass, that in the fifth year of king Rehoboam Shishak king of Egypt came up against Jerusalem, because they had transgressed against the LORD,
12:3: With twelve hundred chariots, and threescore thousand horsemen: and the people were without number that came with him out of Egypt; the Lubims, the Sukkiims, and the Ethiopians. 
12:4: And he took the fenced cities which pertained to Judah, and came to Jerusalem. 
12:5: Then came Shemaiah the prophet to Rehoboam, and to the princes of Judah, that were gathered together to Jerusalem because of Shishak, and said unto them, Thus saith the LORD, Ye have forsaken me, and therefore have I also left you in the hand of Shishak.
12:6: Whereupon the princes of Israel and the king humbled themselves; and they said, The LORD is righteous.
12:7: And when the LORD saw that they humbled themselves, the word of the LORD came to Shemaiah, saying, They have humbled themselves; therefore I will not destroy them, but I will grant them some deliverance; and my wrath shall not be poured out upon Jerusalem by the hand of Shishak.
12:8: Nevertheless they shall be his servants; that they may know my service, and the service of the kingdoms of the countries.
12:9: So Shishak king of Egypt came up against Jerusalem, and took away the treasures of the house of the LORD, and the treasures of the king's house; he took all: he carried away also the shields of gold which Solomon had made.
12:10: Instead of which king Rehoboam made shields of brass, and committed them to the hands of the chief of the guard, that kept the entrance of the king's house.
12:11: And when the king entered into the house of the LORD, the guard came and fetched them, and brought them again into the guard chamber.
12:12: And when he humbled himself, the wrath of the LORD turned from him that he would not destroy him altogether: and also in Judah things went well.
12:13: So king Rehoboam strengthened himself in Jerusalem, and reigned: for Rehoboam was one and forty years old when he began to reign, and he reigned seventeen years in Jerusalem, the city which the LORD had chosen out of all the tribes of Israel, to put his name there.  And his mother's name was Naamah an Ammonitess.
12:14: And he did evil, because he prepared not his heart to seek the LORD.
12:15: Now the acts of Rehoboam, first and last, are they not written in the book of Shemaiah the prophet, and of Iddo the seer concerning genealogies?  And there were wars between Rehoboam and Jeroboam continually.
12:16: And Rehoboam slept with his fathers, and was buried in the city of David: and Abijah his son reigned in his stead.
13:1: Now in the eighteenth year of king Jeroboam began Abijah to reign over Judah.
13:2: He reigned three years in Jerusalem.  His mother's name also was Michaiah the daughter of Uriel of Gibeah.  And there was war between Abijah and Jeroboam.
13:3: And Abijah set the battle in array with an army of valiant men of war, even four hundred thousand chosen men: Jeroboam also set the battle in array against him with eight hundred thousand chosen men, being mighty men of valour.
13:4: And Abijah stood up upon mount Zemaraim, which is in mount Ephraim, and said, Hear me, thou Jeroboam, and all Israel;
13:5: Ought ye not to know that the LORD God of Israel gave the kingdom over Israel to David for ever, even to him and to his sons by a covenant of salt?
13:6: Yet Jeroboam the son of Nebat, the servant of Solomon the son of David, is risen up, and hath rebelled against his lord.
13:7: And there are gathered unto him vain men, the children of Belial, and have strengthened themselves against Rehoboam the son of Solomon, when Rehoboam was young and tenderhearted, and could not withstand them. 
13:8: And now ye think to withstand the kingdom of the LORD in the hand of the sons of David; and ye be a great multitude, and there are with you golden calves, which Jeroboam made you for gods.
13:9: Have ye not cast out the priests of the LORD, the sons of Aaron, and the Levites, and have made you priests after the manner of the nations of other lands?  so that whosoever cometh to consecrate himself with a young bullock and seven rams, the same may be a priest of them that are no gods. 
13:10: But as for us, the LORD is our God, and we have not forsaken him; and the priests, which minister unto the LORD, are the sons of Aaron, and the Levites wait upon their business: 
13:11: And they burn unto the LORD every morning and every evening burnt sacrifices and sweet incense: the shewbread also set they in order upon the pure table; and the candlestick of gold with the lamps thereof, to burn every evening: for we keep the charge of the LORD our God; but ye have forsaken him.
13:12: And, behold, God himself is with us for our captain, and his priests with sounding trumpets to cry alarm against you.  O children of Israel, fight ye not against the LORD God of your fathers; for ye shall not prosper.
13:13: But Jeroboam caused an ambushment to come about behind them: so they were before Judah, and the ambushment was behind them.
13:14: And when Judah looked back, behold, the battle was before and behind: and they cried unto the LORD, and the priests sounded with the trumpets.
13:15: Then the men of Judah gave a shout: and as the men of Judah shouted, it came to pass, that God smote Jeroboam and all Israel before Abijah and Judah. 
13:16: And the children of Israel fled before Judah: and God delivered them into their hand.
13:17: And Abijah and his people slew them with a great slaughter: so there fell down slain of Israel five hundred thousand chosen men. 
13:18: Thus the children of Israel were brought under at that time, and the children of Judah prevailed, because they relied upon the LORD God of their fathers. 
13:19: And Abijah pursued after Jeroboam, and took cities from him, Bethel with the towns thereof, and Jeshnah with the towns thereof, and Ephrain with the towns thereof.
13:20: Neither did Jeroboam recover strength again in the days of Abijah: and the LORD struck him, and he died.
13:21: But Abijah waxed mighty, and married fourteen wives, and begat twenty and two sons, and sixteen daughters.
13:22: And the rest of the acts of Abijah, and his ways, and his sayings, are written in the story of the prophet Iddo.
14:1: So Abijah slept with his fathers, and they buried him in the city of David: and Asa his son reigned in his stead.  In his days the land was quiet ten years.
14:2: And Asa did that which was good and right in the eyes of the LORD his God:
14:3: For he took away the altars of the strange gods, and the high places, and brake down the images, and cut down the groves:
14:4: And commanded Judah to seek the LORD God of their fathers, and to do the law and the commandment.
14:5: Also he took away out of all the cities of Judah the high places and the images: and the kingdom was quiet before him.
14:6: And he built fenced cities in Judah: for the land had rest, and he had no war in those years; because the LORD had given him rest.
14:7: Therefore he said unto Judah, Let us build these cities, and make about them walls, and towers, gates, and bars, while the land is yet before us; because we have sought the LORD our God, we have sought him, and he hath given us rest on every side.  So they built and prospered.
14:8: And Asa had an army of men that bare targets and spears, out of Judah three hundred thousand; and out of Benjamin, that bare shields and drew bows, two hundred and fourscore thousand: all these were mighty men of valour.
14:9: And there came out against them Zerah the Ethiopian with an host of a thousand thousand, and three hundred chariots; and came unto Mareshah.
14:10: Then Asa went out against him, and they set the battle in array in the valley of Zephathah at Mareshah.
14:11: And Asa cried unto the LORD his God, and said, LORD, it is nothing with thee to help, whether with many, or with them that have no power: help us, O LORD our God; for we rest on thee, and in thy name we go against this multitude.  O LORD, thou art our God; let not man prevail against thee.
14:12: So the LORD smote the Ethiopians before Asa and before Judah; and the Ethiopians fled.
14:13: And Asa and the people that were with him pursued them unto Gerar: and the Ethiopians were overthrown, that they could not recover themselves; for they were destroyed before the LORD, and before his host; and they carried away very much spoil.
14:14: And they smote all the cities round about Gerar; for the fear of the LORD came upon them: and they spoiled all the cities; for there was exceeding much spoil in them.
14:15: They smote also the tents of cattle, and carried away sheep and camels in abundance, and returned to Jerusalem. 
15:1: And the Spirit of God came upon Azariah the son of Oded: 
15:2: And he went out to meet Asa, and said unto him, Hear ye me, Asa, and all Judah and Benjamin; The LORD is with you, while ye be with him; and if ye seek him, he will be found of you; but if ye forsake him, he will forsake you. 
15:3: Now for a long season Israel hath been without the true God, and without a teaching priest, and without law.
15:4: But when they in their trouble did turn unto the LORD God of Israel, and sought him, he was found of them.
15:5: And in those times there was no peace to him that went out, nor to him that came in, but great vexations were upon all the inhabitants of the countries.
15:6: And nation was destroyed of nation, and city of city: for God did vex them with all adversity.
15:7: Be ye strong therefore, and let not your hands be weak: for your work shall be rewarded.
15:8: And when Asa heard these words, and the prophecy of Oded the prophet, he took courage, and put away the abominable idols out of all the land of Judah and Benjamin, and out of the cities which he had taken from mount Ephraim, and renewed the altar of the LORD, that was before the porch of the LORD.
15:9: And he gathered all Judah and Benjamin, and the strangers with them out of Ephraim and Manasseh, and out of Simeon: for they fell to him out of Israel in abundance, when they saw that the LORD his God was with him.
15:10: So they gathered themselves together at Jerusalem in the third month, in the fifteenth year of the reign of Asa.
15:11: And they offered unto the LORD the same time, of the spoil which they had brought, seven hundred oxen and seven thousand sheep.
15:12: And they entered into a covenant to seek the LORD God of their fathers with all their heart and with all their soul;
15:13: That whosoever would not seek the LORD God of Israel should be put to death, whether small or great, whether man or woman.
15:14: And they sware unto the LORD with a loud voice, and with shouting, and with trumpets, and with cornets.
15:15: And all Judah rejoiced at the oath: for they had sworn with all their heart, and sought him with their whole desire; and he was found of them: and the LORD gave them rest round about.
15:16: And also concerning Maachah the mother of Asa the king, he removed her from being queen, because she had made an idol in a grove: and Asa cut down her idol, and stamped it, and burnt it at the brook Kidron.
15:17: But the high places were not taken away out of Israel: nevertheless the heart of Asa was perfect all his days.
15:18: And he brought into the house of God the things that his father had dedicated, and that he himself had dedicated, silver, and gold, and vessels.
15:19: And there was no more war unto the five and thirtieth year of the reign of Asa.
16:1: In the six and thirtieth year of the reign of Asa Baasha king of Israel came up against Judah, and built Ramah, to the intent that he might let none go out or come in to Asa king of Judah.
16:2: Then Asa brought out silver and gold out of the treasures of the house of the LORD and of the king's house, and sent to Ben-hadad king of Syria, that dwelt at Damascus, saying, 
16:3: There is a league between me and thee, as there was between my father and thy father: behold, I have sent thee silver and gold; go, break thy league with Baasha king of Israel, that he may depart from me.
16:4: And Ben-hadad hearkened unto king Asa, and sent the captains of his armies against the cities of Israel; and they smote Ijon, and Dan, and Abel-maim, and all the store cities of Naphtali. 
16:5: And it came to pass, when Baasha heard it, that he left off building of Ramah, and let his work cease. 
16:6: Then Asa the king took all Judah; and they carried away the stones of Ramah, and the timber thereof, wherewith Baasha was building; and he built therewith Geba and Mizpah.
16:7: And at that time Hanani the seer came to Asa king of Judah, and said unto him, Because thou hast relied on the king of Syria, and not relied on the LORD thy God, therefore is the host of the king of Syria escaped out of thine hand.
16:8: Were not the Ethiopians and the Lubims a huge host, with very many chariots and horsemen?  yet, because thou didst rely on the LORD, he delivered them into thine hand.
16:9: For the eyes of the LORD run to and fro throughout the whole earth, to shew himself strong in the behalf of them whose heart is perfect toward him.  Herein thou hast done foolishly: therefore from henceforth thou shalt have wars.
16:10: Then Asa was wroth with the seer, and put him in a prison house; for he was in a rage with him because of this thing.  And Asa oppressed some of the people the same time.
16:11: And, behold, the acts of Asa, first and last, lo, they are written in the book of the kings of Judah and Israel.
16:12: And Asa in the thirty and ninth year of his reign was diseased in his feet, until his disease was exceeding great: yet in his disease he sought not to the LORD, but to the physicians.
16:13: And Asa slept with his fathers, and died in the one and fortieth year of his reign.
16:14: And they buried him in his own sepulchres, which he had made for himself in the city of David, and laid him in the bed which was filled with sweet odours and divers kinds of spices prepared by the apothecaries' art: and they made a very great burning for him.
17:1: And Jehoshaphat his son reigned in his stead, and strengthened himself against Israel.
17:2: And he placed forces in all the fenced cities of Judah, and set garrisons in the land of Judah, and in the cities of Ephraim, which Asa his father had taken.
17:3: And the LORD was with Jehoshaphat, because he walked in the first ways of his father David, and sought not unto Baalim;
17:4: But sought to the LORD God of his father, and walked in his commandments, and not after the doings of Israel.
17:5: Therefore the LORD stablished the kingdom in his hand; and all Judah brought to Jehoshaphat presents; and he had riches and honour in abundance.
17:6: And his heart was lifted up in the ways of the LORD: moreover he took away the high places and groves out of Judah.
17:7: Also in the third year of his reign he sent to his princes, even to Ben-hail, and to Obadiah, and to Zechariah, and to Nethaneel, and to Michaiah, to teach in the cities of Judah.
17:8: And with them he sent Levites, even Shemaiah, and Nethaniah, and Zebadiah, and Asahel, and Shemiramoth, and Jehonathan, and Adonijah, and Tobijah, and Tob-adonijah, Levites; and with them Elishama and Jehoram, priests.
17:9: And they taught in Judah, and had the book of the law of the LORD with them, and went about throughout all the cities of Judah, and taught the people.
17:10: And the fear of the LORD fell upon all the kingdoms of the lands that were round about Judah, so that they made no war against Jehoshaphat. 
17:11: Also some of the Philistines brought Jehoshaphat presents, and tribute silver; and the Arabians brought him flocks, seven thousand and seven hundred rams, and seven thousand and seven hundred he goats.
17:12: And Jehoshaphat waxed great exceedingly; and he built in Judah castles, and cities of store. 
17:13: And he had much business in the cities of Judah: and the men of war, mighty men of valour, were in Jerusalem. 
17:14: And these are the numbers of them according to the house of their fathers: Of Judah, the captains of thousands; Adnah the chief, and with him mighty men of valour three hundred thousand.
17:15: And next to him was Jehohanan the captain, and with him two hundred and fourscore thousand.
17:16: And next him was Amasiah the son of Zichri, who willingly offered himself unto the LORD; and with him two hundred thousand mighty men of valour.
17:17: And of Benjamin; Eliada a mighty man of valour, and with him armed men with bow and shield two hundred thousand.
17:18: And next him was Jehozabad, and with him an hundred and fourscore thousand ready prepared for the war. 
17:19: These waited on the king, beside those whom the king put in the fenced cities throughout all Judah.
18:1: Now Jehoshaphat had riches and honour in abundance, and joined affinity with Ahab. 
18:2: And after certain years he went down to Ahab to Samaria.  And Ahab killed sheep and oxen for him in abundance, and for the people that he had with him, and persuaded him to go up with him to Ramoth-gilead.
18:3: And Ahab king of Israel said unto Jehoshaphat king of Judah, Wilt thou go with me to Ramoth-gilead?  And he answered him, I am as thou art, and my people as thy people; and we will be with thee in the war.
18:4: And Jehoshaphat said unto the king of Israel, Enquire, I pray thee, at the word of the LORD to day.
18:5: Therefore the king of Israel gathered together of prophets four hundred men, and said unto them, Shall we go to Ramoth-gilead to battle, or shall I forbear?  And they said, Go up; for God will deliver it into the king's hand.
18:6: But Jehoshaphat said, Is there not here a prophet of the LORD besides, that we might enquire of him?
18:7: And the king of Israel said unto Jehoshaphat, There is yet one man, by whom we may enquire of the LORD: but I hate him; for he never prophesied good unto me, but always evil: the same is Micaiah the son of Imla.  And Jehoshaphat said, Let not the king say so.
18:8: And the king of Israel called for one of his officers, and said, Fetch quickly Micaiah the son of Imla.
18:9: And the king of Israel and Jehoshaphat king of Judah sat either of them on his throne, clothed in their robes, and they sat in a void place at the entering in of the gate of Samaria; and all the prophets prophesied before them.
18:10: And Zedekiah the son of Chenaanah had made him horns of iron, and said, Thus saith the LORD, With these thou shalt push Syria until they be consumed.
18:11: And all the prophets prophesied so, saying, Go up to Ramoth-gilead, and prosper: for the LORD shall deliver it into the hand of the king.
18:12: And the messenger that went to call Micaiah spake to him, saying, Behold, the words of the prophets declare good to the king with one assent; let thy word therefore, I pray thee, be like one of theirs, and speak thou good.
18:13: And Micaiah said, As the LORD liveth, even what my God saith, that will I speak.
18:14: And when he was come to the king, the king said unto him, Micaiah, shall we go to Ramoth-gilead to battle, or shall I forbear?  And he said, Go ye up, and prosper, and they shall be delivered into your hand.
18:15: And the king said to him, How many times shall I adjure thee that thou say nothing but the truth to me in the name of the LORD?
18:16: Then he said, I did see all Israel scattered upon the mountains, as sheep that have no shepherd: and the LORD said, These have no master; let them return therefore every man to his house in peace.
18:17: And the king of Israel said to Jehoshaphat, Did I not tell thee that he would not prophesy good unto me, but evil?
18:18: Again he said, Therefore hear the word of the LORD; I saw the LORD sitting upon his throne, and all the host of heaven standing on his right hand and on his left.
18:19: And the LORD said, Who shall entice Ahab king of Israel, that he may go up and fall at Ramoth-gilead?  And one spake saying after this manner, and another saying after that manner.
18:20: Then there came out a spirit, and stood before the LORD, and said, I will entice him.  And the LORD said unto him, Wherewith?
18:21: And he said, I will go out, and be a lying spirit in the mouth of all his prophets.  And the LORD said, Thou shalt entice him, and thou shalt also prevail: go out, and do even so. 
18:22: Now therefore, behold, the LORD hath put a lying spirit in the mouth of these thy prophets, and the LORD hath spoken evil against thee.
18:23: Then Zedekiah the son of Chenaanah came near, and smote Micaiah upon the cheek, and said, Which way went the Spirit of the LORD from me to speak unto thee? 
18:24: And Micaiah said, Behold, thou shalt see on that day when thou shalt go into an inner chamber to hide thyself. 
18:25: Then the king of Israel said, Take ye Micaiah, and carry him back to Amon the governor of the city, and to Joash the king's son;
18:26: And say, Thus saith the king, Put this fellow in the prison, and feed him with bread of affliction and with water of affliction, until I return in peace.
18:27: And Micaiah said, If thou certainly return in peace, then hath not the LORD spoken by me.  And he said, Hearken, all ye people.
18:28: So the king of Israel and Jehoshaphat the king of Judah went up to Ramoth-gilead.
18:29: And the king of Israel said unto Jehoshaphat, I will disguise myself, and will go to the battle; but put thou on thy robes.  So the king of Israel disguised himself; and they went to the battle.
18:30: Now the king of Syria had commanded the captains of the chariots that were with him, saying, Fight ye not with small or great, save only with the king of Israel.
18:31: And it came to pass, when the captains of the chariots saw Jehoshaphat, that they said, It is the king of Israel.  Therefore they compassed about him to fight: but Jehoshaphat cried out, and the LORD helped him; and God moved them to depart from him.
18:32: For it came to pass, that, when the captains of the chariots perceived that it was not the king of Israel, they turned back again from pursuing him.
18:33: And a certain man drew a bow at a venture, and smote the king of Israel between the joints of the harness: therefore he said to his chariot man, Turn thine hand, that thou mayest carry me out of the host; for I am wounded.
18:34: And the battle increased that day: howbeit the king of Israel stayed himself up in his chariot against the Syrians until the even: and about the time of the sun going down he died.
19:1: And Jehoshaphat the king of Judah returned to his house in peace to Jerusalem.
19:2: And Jehu the son of Hanani the seer went out to meet him, and said to king Jehoshaphat, Shouldest thou help the ungodly, and love them that hate the LORD?  therefore is wrath upon thee from before the LORD.
19:3: Nevertheless there are good things found in thee, in that thou hast taken away the groves out of the land, and hast prepared thine heart to seek God.
19:4: And Jehoshaphat dwelt at Jerusalem: and he went out again through the people from Beer-sheba to mount Ephraim, and brought them back unto the LORD God of their fathers.
19:5: And he set judges in the land throughout all the fenced cities of Judah, city by city,
19:6: And said to the judges, Take heed what ye do: for ye judge not for man, but for the LORD, who is with you in the judgment.
19:7: Wherefore now let the fear of the LORD be upon you; take heed and do it: for there is no iniquity with the LORD our God, nor respect of persons, nor taking of gifts.
19:8: Moreover in Jerusalem did Jehoshaphat set of the Levites, and of the priests, and of the chief of the fathers of Israel, for the judgment of the LORD, and for controversies, when they returned to Jerusalem.
19:9: And he charged them, saying, Thus shall ye do in the fear of the LORD, faithfully, and with a perfect heart. 
19:10: And what cause soever shall come to you of your brethren that dwell in their cities, between blood and blood, between law and commandment, statutes and judgments, ye shall even warn them that they trespass not against the LORD, and so wrath come upon you, and upon your brethren: this do, and ye shall not trespass.
19:11: And, behold, Amariah the chief priest is over you in all matters of the LORD; and Zebadiah the son of Ishmael, the ruler of the house of Judah, for all the king's matters: also the Levites shall be officers before you.  Deal courageously, and the LORD shall be with the good. 
20:1: It came to pass after this also, that the children of Moab, and the children of Ammon, and with them other beside the Ammonites, came against Jehoshaphat to battle.
20:2: Then there came some that told Jehoshaphat, saying, There cometh a great multitude against thee from beyond the sea on this side Syria; and, behold, they be Hazazon-tamar, which is En-gedi.
20:3: And Jehoshaphat feared, and set himself to seek the LORD, and proclaimed a fast throughout all Judah.
20:4: And Judah gathered themselves together, to ask help of the LORD: even out of all the cities of Judah they came to seek the LORD.
20:5: And Jehoshaphat stood in the congregation of Judah and Jerusalem, in the house of the LORD, before the new court,
20:6: And said, O LORD God of our fathers, art not thou God in heaven?  and rulest not thou over all the kingdoms of the heathen?  and in thine hand is there not power and might, so that none is able to withstand thee?
20:7: Art not thou our God, who didst drive out the inhabitants of this land before thy people Israel, and gavest it to the seed of Abraham thy friend for ever?
20:8: And they dwelt therein, and have built thee a sanctuary therein for thy name, saying,
20:9: If, when evil cometh upon us, as the sword, judgment, or pestilence, or famine, we stand before this house, and in thy presence, (for thy name is in this house,) and cry unto thee in our affliction, then thou wilt hear and help.
20:10: And now, behold, the children of Ammon and Moab and mount Seir, whom thou wouldest not let Israel invade, when they came out of the land of Egypt, but they turned from them, and destroyed them not;
20:11: Behold, I say, how they reward us, to come to cast us out of thy possession, which thou hast given us to inherit.
20:12: O our God, wilt thou not judge them?  for we have no might against this great company that cometh against us; neither know we what to do: but our eyes are upon thee.
20:13: And all Judah stood before the LORD, with their little ones, their wives, and their children.
20:14: Then upon Jahaziel the son of Zechariah, the son of Benaiah, the son of Jeiel, the son of Mattaniah, a Levite of the sons of Asaph, came the Spirit of the LORD in the midst of the congregation;
20:15: And he said, Hearken ye, all Judah, and ye inhabitants of Jerusalem, and thou king Jehoshaphat, Thus saith the LORD unto you, Be not afraid nor dismayed by reason of this great multitude; for the battle is not yours, but God's.
20:16: To morrow go ye down against them: behold, they come up by the cliff of Ziz; and ye shall find them at the end of the brook, before the wilderness of Jeruel.
20:17: Ye shall not need to fight in this battle: set yourselves, stand ye still, and see the salvation of the LORD with you, O Judah and Jerusalem: fear not, nor be dismayed; to morrow go out against them: for the LORD will be with you.
20:18: And Jehoshaphat bowed his head with his face to the ground: and all Judah and the inhabitants of Jerusalem fell before the LORD, worshipping the LORD.
20:19: And the Levites, of the children of the Kohathites, and of the children of the Korhites, stood up to praise the LORD God of Israel with a loud voice on high.
20:20: And they rose early in the morning, and went forth into the wilderness of Tekoa: and as they went forth, Jehoshaphat stood and said, Hear me, O Judah, and ye inhabitants of Jerusalem; Believe in the LORD your God, so shall ye be established; believe his prophets, so shall ye prosper.
20:21: And when he had consulted with the people, he appointed singers unto the LORD, and that should praise the beauty of holiness, as they went out before the army, and to say, Praise the LORD; for his mercy endureth for ever.
20:22: And when they began to sing and to praise, the LORD set ambushments against the children of Ammon, Moab, and mount Seir, which were come against Judah; and they were smitten.
20:23: For the children of Ammon and Moab stood up against the inhabitants of mount Seir, utterly to slay and destroy them: and when they had made an end of the inhabitants of Seir, every one helped to destroy another.
20:24: And when Judah came toward the watch tower in the wilderness, they looked unto the multitude, and, behold, they were dead bodies fallen to the earth, and none escaped. 
20:25: And when Jehoshaphat and his people came to take away the spoil of them, they found among them in abundance both riches with the dead bodies, and precious jewels, which they stripped off for themselves, more than they could carry away: and they were three days in gathering of the spoil, it was so much.
20:26: And on the fourth day they assembled themselves in the valley of Berachah; for there they blessed the LORD: therefore the name of the same place was called, The valley of Berachah, unto this day. 
20:27: Then they returned, every man of Judah and Jerusalem, and Jehoshaphat in the forefront of them, to go again to Jerusalem with joy; for the LORD had made them to rejoice over their enemies. 
20:28: And they came to Jerusalem with psalteries and harps and trumpets unto the house of the LORD.
20:29: And the fear of God was on all the kingdoms of those countries, when they had heard that the LORD fought against the enemies of Israel.
20:30: So the realm of Jehoshaphat was quiet: for his God gave him rest round about.
20:31: And Jehoshaphat reigned over Judah: he was thirty and five years old when he began to reign, and he reigned twenty and five years in Jerusalem.  And his mother's name was Azubah the daughter of Shilhi.
20:32: And he walked in the way of Asa his father, and departed not from it, doing that which was right in the sight of the LORD.
20:33: Howbeit the high places were not taken away: for as yet the people had not prepared their hearts unto the God of their fathers.
20:34: Now the rest of the acts of Jehoshaphat, first and last, behold, they are written in the book of Jehu the son of Hanani, who is mentioned in the book of the kings of Israel.
20:35: And after this did Jehoshaphat king of Judah join himself with Ahaziah king of Israel, who did very wickedly:
20:36: And he joined himself with him to make ships to go to Tarshish: and they made the ships in Ezion-geber.
20:37: Then Eliezer the son of Dodavah of Mareshah prophesied against Jehoshaphat, saying, Because thou hast joined thyself with Ahaziah, the LORD hath broken thy works.  And the ships were broken, that they were not able to go to Tarshish.
21:1: Now Jehoshaphat slept with his fathers, and was buried with his fathers in the city of David.  And Jehoram his son reigned in his stead.
21:2: And he had brethren the sons of Jehoshaphat, Azariah, and Jehiel, and Zechariah, and Azariah, and Michael, and Shephatiah: all these were the sons of Jehoshaphat king of Israel.
21:3: And their father gave them great gifts of silver, and of gold, and of precious things, with fenced cities in Judah: but the kingdom gave he to Jehoram; because he was the firstborn.
21:4: Now when Jehoram was risen up to the kingdom of his father, he strengthened himself, and slew all his brethren with the sword, and divers also of the princes of Israel.
21:5: Jehoram was thirty and two years old when he began to reign, and he reigned eight years in Jerusalem.
21:6: And he walked in the way of the kings of Israel, like as did the house of Ahab: for he had the daughter of Ahab to wife: and he wrought that which was evil in the eyes of the LORD.
21:7: Howbeit the LORD would not destroy the house of David, because of the covenant that he had made with David, and as he promised to give a light to him and to his sons for ever.
21:8: In his days the Edomites revolted from under the dominion of Judah, and made themselves a king.
21:9: Then Jehoram went forth with his princes, and all his chariots with him: and he rose up by night, and smote the Edomites which compassed him in, and the captains of the chariots. 
21:10: So the Edomites revolted from under the hand of Judah unto this day.  The same time also did Libnah revolt from under his hand; because he had forsaken the LORD God of his fathers.
21:11: Moreover he made high places in the mountains of Judah, and caused the inhabitants of Jerusalem to commit fornication, and compelled Judah thereto. 
21:12: And there came a writing to him from Elijah the prophet, saying, Thus saith the LORD God of David thy father, Because thou hast not walked in the ways of Jehoshaphat thy father, nor in the ways of Asa king of Judah, 
21:13: But hast walked in the way of the kings of Israel, and hast made Judah and the inhabitants of Jerusalem to go a whoring, like to the whoredoms of the house of Ahab, and also hast slain thy brethren of thy father's house, which were better than thyself:
21:14: Behold, with a great plague will the LORD smite thy people, and thy children, and thy wives, and all thy goods:
21:15: And thou shalt have great sickness by disease of thy bowels, until thy bowels fall out by reason of the sickness day by day.
21:16: Moreover the LORD stirred up against Jehoram the spirit of the Philistines, and of the Arabians, that were near the Ethiopians:
21:17: And they came up into Judah, and brake into it, and carried away all the substance that was found in the king's house, and his sons also, and his wives; so that there was never a son left him, save Jehoahaz, the youngest of his sons.
21:18: And after all this the LORD smote him in his bowels with an incurable disease.
21:19: And it came to pass, that in process of time, after the end of two years, his bowels fell out by reason of his sickness: so he died of sore diseases.  And his people made no burning for him, like the burning of his fathers.
21:20: Thirty and two years old was he when he began to reign, and he reigned in Jerusalem eight years, and departed without being desired.  Howbeit they buried him in the city of David, but not in the sepulchres of the kings.
22:1: And the inhabitants of Jerusalem made Ahaziah his youngest son king in his stead: for the band of men that came with the Arabians to the camp had slain all the eldest.  So Ahaziah the son of Jehoram king of Judah reigned.
22:2: Forty and two years old was Ahaziah when he began to reign, and he reigned one year in Jerusalem.  His mother's name also was Athaliah the daughter of Omri.
22:3: He also walked in the ways of the house of Ahab: for his mother was his counseller to do wickedly.
22:4: Wherefore he did evil in the sight of the LORD like the house of Ahab: for they were his counsellers after the death of his father to his destruction.
22:5: He walked also after their counsel, and went with Jehoram the son of Ahab king of Israel to war against Hazael king of Syria at Ramoth-gilead: and the Syrians smote Joram.
22:6: And he returned to be healed in Jezreel because of the wounds which were given him at Ramah, when he fought with Hazael king of Syria.  And Azariah the son of Jehoram king of Judah went down to see Jehoram the son of Ahab at Jezreel, because he was sick.
22:7: And the destruction of Ahaziah was of God by coming to Joram: for when he was come, he went out with Jehoram against Jehu the son of Nimshi, whom the LORD had anointed to cut off the house of Ahab.
22:8: And it came to pass, that, when Jehu was executing judgment upon the house of Ahab, and found the princes of Judah, and the sons of the brethren of Ahaziah, that ministered to Ahaziah, he slew them.
22:9: And he sought Ahaziah: and they caught him, (for he was hid in Samaria,) and brought him to Jehu: and when they had slain him, they buried him: Because, said they, he is the son of Jehoshaphat, who sought the LORD with all his heart.  So the house of Ahaziah had no power to keep still the kingdom.
22:10: But when Athaliah the mother of Ahaziah saw that her son was dead, she arose and destroyed all the seed royal of the house of Judah.
22:11: But Jehoshabeath, the daughter of the king, took Joash the son of Ahaziah, and stole him from among the king's sons that were slain, and put him and his nurse in a bedchamber.  So Jehoshabeath, the daughter of king Jehoram, the wife of Jehoiada the priest, (for she was the sister of Ahaziah,) hid him from Athaliah, so that she slew him not. 
22:12: And he was with them hid in the house of God six years: and Athaliah reigned over the land.
23:1: And in the seventh year Jehoiada strengthened himself, and took the captains of hundreds, Azariah the son of Jeroham, and Ishmael the son of Jehohanan, and Azariah the son of Obed, and Maaseiah the son of Adaiah, and Elishaphat the son of Zichri, into covenant with him. 
23:2: And they went about in Judah, and gathered the Levites out of all the cities of Judah, and the chief of the fathers of Israel, and they came to Jerusalem.
23:3: And all the congregation made a covenant with the king in the house of God.  And he said unto them, Behold, the king's son shall reign, as the LORD hath said of the sons of David.
23:4: This is the thing that ye shall do; A third part of you entering on the sabbath, of the priests and of the Levites, shall be porters of the doors;
23:5: And a third part shall be at the king's house; and a third part at the gate of the foundation: and all the people shall be in the courts of the house of the LORD.
23:6: But let none come into the house of the LORD, save the priests, and they that minister of the Levites; they shall go in, for they are holy: but all the people shall keep the watch of the LORD.
23:7: And the Levites shall compass the king round about, every man with his weapons in his hand; and whosoever else cometh into the house, he shall be put to death: but be ye with the king when he cometh in, and when he goeth out.
23:8: So the Levites and all Judah did according to all things that Jehoiada the priest had commanded, and took every man his men that were to come in on the sabbath, with them that were to go out on the sabbath: for Jehoiada the priest dismissed not the courses.
23:9: Moreover Jehoiada the priest delivered to the captains of hundreds spears, and bucklers, and shields, that had been king David's, which were in the house of God.
23:10: And he set all the people, every man having his weapon in his hand, from the right side of the temple to the left side of the temple, along by the altar and the temple, by the king round about.
23:11: Then they brought out the king's son, and put upon him the crown, and gave him the testimony, and made him king.  And Jehoiada and his sons anointed him, and said, God save the king.
23:12: Now when Athaliah heard the noise of the people running and praising the king, she came to the people into the house of the LORD:
23:13: And she looked, and, behold, the king stood at his pillar at the entering in, and the princes and the trumpets by the king: and all the people of the land rejoiced, and sounded with trumpets, also the singers with instruments of musick, and such as taught to sing praise.  Then Athaliah rent her clothes, and said, Treason, Treason.
23:14: Then Jehoiada the priest brought out the captains of hundreds that were set over the host, and said unto them, Have her forth of the ranges: and whoso followeth her, let him be slain with the sword.  For the priest said, Slay her not in the house of the LORD.
23:15: So they laid hands on her; and when she was come to the entering of the horse gate by the king's house, they slew her there.
23:16: And Jehoiada made a covenant between him, and between all the people, and between the king, that they should be the LORD's people.
23:17: Then all the people went to the house of Baal, and brake it down, and brake his altars and his images in pieces, and slew Mattan the priest of Baal before the altars. 
23:18: Also Jehoiada appointed the offices of the house of the LORD by the hand of the priests the Levites, whom David had distributed in the house of the LORD, to offer the burnt offerings of the LORD, as it is written in the law of Moses, with rejoicing and with singing, as it was ordained by David.
23:19: And he set the porters at the gates of the house of the LORD, that none which was unclean in any thing should enter in. 
23:20: And he took the captains of hundreds, and the nobles, and the governors of the people, and all the people of the land, and brought down the king from the house of the LORD: and they came through the high gate into the king's house, and set the king upon the throne of the kingdom. 
23:21: And all the people of the land rejoiced: and the city was quiet, after that they had slain Athaliah with the sword.
24:1: Joash was seven years old when he began to reign, and he reigned forty years in Jerusalem.  His mother's name also was Zibiah of Beer-sheba.
24:2: And Joash did that which was right in the sight of the LORD all the days of Jehoiada the priest.
24:3: And Jehoiada took for him two wives; and he begat sons and daughters.
24:4: And it came to pass after this, that Joash was minded to repair the house of the LORD.
24:5: And he gathered together the priests and the Levites, and said to them, Go out unto the cities of Judah, and gather of all Israel money to repair the house of your God from year to year, and see that ye hasten the matter.  Howbeit the Levites hastened it not.
24:6: And the king called for Jehoiada the chief, and said unto him, Why hast thou not required of the Levites to bring in out of Judah and out of Jerusalem the collection, according to the commandment of Moses the servant of the LORD, and of the congregation of Israel, for the tabernacle of witness?
24:7: For the sons of Athaliah, that wicked woman, had broken up the house of God; and also all the dedicated things of the house of the LORD did they bestow upon Baalim.
24:8: And at the king's commandment they made a chest, and set it without at the gate of the house of the LORD.
24:9: And they made a proclamation through Judah and Jerusalem, to bring in to the LORD the collection that Moses the servant of God laid upon Israel in the wilderness.
24:10: And all the princes and all the people rejoiced, and brought in, and cast into the chest, until they had made an end.
24:11: Now it came to pass, that at what time the chest was brought unto the king's office by the hand of the Levites, and when they saw that there was much money, the king's scribe and the high priest's officer came and emptied the chest, and took it, and carried it to his place again.  Thus they did day by day, and gathered money in abundance.
24:12: And the king and Jehoiada gave it to such as did the work of the service of the house of the LORD, and hired masons and carpenters to repair the house of the LORD, and also such as wrought iron and brass to mend the house of the LORD.
24:13: So the workmen wrought, and the work was perfected by them, and they set the house of God in his state, and strengthened it.
24:14: And when they had finished it, they brought the rest of the money before the king and Jehoiada, whereof were made vessels for the house of the LORD, even vessels to minister, and to offer withal, and spoons, and vessels of gold and silver.  And they offered burnt offerings in the house of the LORD continually all the days of Jehoiada.
24:15: But Jehoiada waxed old, and was full of days when he died; an hundred and thirty years old was he when he died.
24:16: And they buried him in the city of David among the kings, because he had done good in Israel, both toward God, and toward his house.
24:17: Now after the death of Jehoiada came the princes of Judah, and made obeisance to the king.  Then the king hearkened unto them.
24:18: And they left the house of the LORD God of their fathers, and served groves and idols: and wrath came upon Judah and Jerusalem for this their trespass. 
24:19: Yet he sent prophets to them, to bring them again unto the LORD; and they testified against them: but they would not give ear.
24:20: And the Spirit of God came upon Zechariah the son of Jehoiada the priest, which stood above the people, and said unto them, Thus saith God, Why transgress ye the commandments of the LORD, that ye cannot prosper?  because ye have forsaken the LORD, he hath also forsaken you. 
24:21: And they conspired against him, and stoned him with stones at the commandment of the king in the court of the house of the LORD. 
24:22: Thus Joash the king remembered not the kindness which Jehoiada his father had done to him, but slew his son.  And when he died, he said, The LORD look upon it, and require it.
24:23: And it came to pass at the end of the year, that the host of Syria came up against him: and they came to Judah and Jerusalem, and destroyed all the princes of the people from among the people, and sent all the spoil of them unto the king of Damascus.
24:24: For the army of the Syrians came with a small company of men, and the LORD delivered a very great host into their hand, because they had forsaken the LORD God of their fathers.  So they executed judgment against Joash.
24:25: And when they were departed from him, (for they left him in great diseases,) his own servants conspired against him for the blood of the sons of Jehoiada the priest, and slew him on his bed, and he died: and they buried him in the city of David, but they buried him not in the sepulchres of the kings.
24:26: And these are they that conspired against him; Zabad the son of Shimeath an Ammonitess, and Jehozabad the son of Shimrith a Moabitess.
24:27: Now concerning his sons, and the greatness of the burdens laid upon him, and the repairing of the house of God, behold, they are written in the story of the book of the kings.  And Amaziah his son reigned in his stead.
25:1: Amaziah was twenty and five years old when he began to reign, and he reigned twenty and nine years in Jerusalem.  And his mother's name was Jehoaddan of Jerusalem.
25:2: And he did that which was right in the sight of the LORD, but not with a perfect heart.
25:3: Now it came to pass, when the kingdom was established to him, that he slew his servants that had killed the king his father.
25:4: But he slew not their children, but did as it is written in the law in the book of Moses, where the LORD commanded, saying, The fathers shall not die for the children, neither shall the children die for the fathers, but every man shall die for his own sin.
25:5: Moreover Amaziah gathered Judah together, and made them captains over thousands, and captains over hundreds, according to the houses of their fathers, throughout all Judah and Benjamin: and he numbered them from twenty years old and above, and found them three hundred thousand choice men, able to go forth to war, that could handle spear and shield.
25:6: He hired also an hundred thousand mighty men of valour out of Israel for an hundred talents of silver.
25:7: But there came a man of God to him, saying, O king, let not the army of Israel go with thee; for the LORD is not with Israel, to wit, with all the children of Ephraim.
25:8: But if thou wilt go, do it, be strong for the battle: God shall make thee fall before the enemy: for God hath power to help, and to cast down.
25:9: And Amaziah said to the man of God, But what shall we do for the hundred talents which I have given to the army of Israel?  And the man of God answered, The LORD is able to give thee much more than this.
25:10: Then Amaziah separated them, to wit, the army that was come to him out of Ephraim, to go home again: wherefore their anger was greatly kindled against Judah, and they returned home in great anger.
25:11: And Amaziah strengthened himself, and led forth his people, and went to the valley of salt, and smote of the children of Seir ten thousand.
25:12: And other ten thousand left alive did the children of Judah carry away captive, and brought them unto the top of the rock, and cast them down from the top of the rock, that they all were broken in pieces.
25:13: But the soldiers of the army which Amaziah sent back, that they should not go with him to battle, fell upon the cities of Judah, from Samaria even unto Beth-horon, and smote three thousand of them, and took much spoil. 
25:14: Now it came to pass, after that Amaziah was come from the slaughter of the Edomites, that he brought the gods of the children of Seir, and set them up to be his gods, and bowed down himself before them, and burned incense unto them.
25:15: Wherefore the anger of the LORD was kindled against Amaziah, and he sent unto him a prophet, which said unto him, Why hast thou sought after the gods of the people, which could not deliver their own people out of thine hand? 
25:16: And it came to pass, as he talked with him, that the king said unto him, Art thou made of the king's counsel?  forbear; why shouldest thou be smitten?  Then the prophet forbare, and said, I know that God hath determined to destroy thee, because thou hast done this, and hast not hearkened unto my counsel. 
25:17: Then Amaziah king of Judah took advice, and sent to Joash, the son of Jehoahaz, the son of Jehu, king of Israel, saying, Come, let us see one another in the face.
25:18: And Joash king of Israel sent to Amaziah king of Judah, saying, The thistle that was in Lebanon sent to the cedar that was in Lebanon, saying, Give thy daughter to my son to wife: and there passed by a wild beast that was in Lebanon, and trode down the thistle.
25:19: Thou sayest, Lo, thou hast smitten the Edomites; and thine heart lifteth thee up to boast: abide now at home; why shouldest thou meddle to thine hurt, that thou shouldest fall, even thou, and Judah with thee?
25:20: But Amaziah would not hear; for it came of God, that he might deliver them into the hand of their enemies, because they sought after the gods of Edom.
25:21: So Joash the king of Israel went up; and they saw one another in the face, both he and Amaziah king of Judah, at Beth-shemesh, which belongeth to Judah.
25:22: And Judah was put to the worse before Israel, and they fled every man to his tent.
25:23: And Joash the king of Israel took Amaziah king of Judah, the son of Joash, the son of Jehoahaz, at Beth-shemesh, and brought him to Jerusalem, and brake down the wall of Jerusalem from the gate of Ephraim to the corner gate, four hundred cubits.
25:24: And he took all the gold and the silver, and all the vessels that were found in the house of God with Obed-edom, and the treasures of the king's house, the hostages also, and returned to Samaria.
25:25: And Amaziah the son of Joash king of Judah lived after the death of Joash son of Jehoahaz king of Israel fifteen years.
25:26: Now the rest of the acts of Amaziah, first and last, behold, are they not written in the book of the kings of Judah and Israel?
25:27: Now after the time that Amaziah did turn away from following the LORD they made a conspiracy against him in Jerusalem; and he fled to Lachish: but they sent to Lachish after him, and slew him there.
25:28: And they brought him upon horses, and buried him with his fathers in the city of Judah.
26:1: Then all the people of Judah took Uzziah, who was sixteen years old, and made him king in the room of his father Amaziah. 
26:2: He built Eloth, and restored it to Judah, after that the king slept with his fathers.
26:3: Sixteen years old was Uzziah when he began to reign, and he reigned fifty and two years in Jerusalem.  His mother's name also was Jecoliah of Jerusalem. 
26:4: And he did that which was right in the sight of the LORD, according to all that his father Amaziah did. 
26:5: And he sought God in the days of Zechariah, who had understanding in the visions of God: and as long as he sought the LORD, God made him to prosper.
26:6: And he went forth and warred against the Philistines, and brake down the wall of Gath, and the wall of Jabneh, and the wall of Ashdod, and built cities about Ashdod, and among the Philistines.
26:7: And God helped him against the Philistines, and against the Arabians that dwelt in Gur-baal, and the Mehunims.
26:8: And the Ammonites gave gifts to Uzziah: and his name spread abroad even to the entering in of Egypt; for he strengthened himself exceedingly.
26:9: Moreover Uzziah built towers in Jerusalem at the corner gate, and at the valley gate, and at the turning of the wall, and fortified them.
26:10: Also he built towers in the desert, and digged many wells: for he had much cattle, both in the low country, and in the plains: husbandmen also, and vine dressers in the mountains, and in Carmel: for he loved husbandry.
26:11: Moreover Uzziah had an host of fighting men, that went out to war by bands, according to the number of their account by the hand of Jeiel the scribe and Maaseiah the ruler, under the hand of Hananiah, one of the king's captains.
26:12: The whole number of the chief of the fathers of the mighty men of valour were two thousand and six hundred.
26:13: And under their hand was an army, three hundred thousand and seven thousand and five hundred, that made war with mighty power, to help the king against the enemy.
26:14: And Uzziah prepared for them throughout all the host shields, and spears, and helmets, and habergeons, and bows, and slings to cast stones.
26:15: And he made in Jerusalem engines, invented by cunning men, to be on the towers and upon the bulwarks, to shoot arrows and great stones withal.  And his name spread far abroad; for he was marvellously helped, till he was strong.
26:16: But when he was strong, his heart was lifted up to his destruction: for he transgressed against the LORD his God, and went into the temple of the LORD to burn incense upon the altar of incense.
26:17: And Azariah the priest went in after him, and with him fourscore priests of the LORD, that were valiant men:
26:18: And they withstood Uzziah the king, and said unto him, It appertaineth not unto thee, Uzziah, to burn incense unto the LORD, but to the priests the sons of Aaron, that are consecrated to burn incense: go out of the sanctuary; for thou hast trespassed; neither shall it be for thine honour from the LORD God.
26:19: Then Uzziah was wroth, and had a censer in his hand to burn incense: and while he was wroth with the priests, the leprosy even rose up in his forehead before the priests in the house of the LORD, from beside the incense altar.
26:20: And Azariah the chief priest, and all the priests, looked upon him, and, behold, he was leprous in his forehead, and they thrust him out from thence; yea, himself hasted also to go out, because the LORD had smitten him.
26:21: And Uzziah the king was a leper unto the day of his death, and dwelt in a several house, being a leper; for he was cut off from the house of the LORD: and Jotham his son was over the king's house, judging the people of the land.
26:22: Now the rest of the acts of Uzziah, first and last, did Isaiah the prophet, the son of Amoz, write.
26:23: So Uzziah slept with his fathers, and they buried him with his fathers in the field of the burial which belonged to the kings; for they said, He is a leper: and Jotham his son reigned in his stead.
27:1: Jotham was twenty and five years old when he began to reign, and he reigned sixteen years in Jerusalem.  His mother's name also was Jerushah, the daughter of Zadok.
27:2: And he did that which was right in the sight of the LORD, according to all that his father Uzziah did: howbeit he entered not into the temple of the LORD.  And the people did yet corruptly. 
27:3: He built the high gate of the house of the LORD, and on the wall of Ophel he built much. 
27:4: Moreover he built cities in the mountains of Judah, and in the forests he built castles and towers.
27:5: He fought also with the king of the Ammonites, and prevailed against them.  And the children of Ammon gave him the same year an hundred talents of silver, and ten thousand measures of wheat, and ten thousand of barley.  So much did the children of Ammon pay unto him, both the second year, and the third.
27:6: So Jotham became mighty, because he prepared his ways before the LORD his God.
27:7: Now the rest of the acts of Jotham, and all his wars, and his ways, lo, they are written in the book of the kings of Israel and Judah.
27:8: He was five and twenty years old when he began to reign, and reigned sixteen years in Jerusalem.
27:9: And Jotham slept with his fathers, and they buried him in the city of David: and Ahaz his son reigned in his stead.
28:1: Ahaz was twenty years old when he began to reign, and he reigned sixteen years in Jerusalem: but he did not that which was right in the sight of the LORD, like David his father:
28:2: For he walked in the ways of the kings of Israel, and made also molten images for Baalim.
28:3: Moreover he burnt incense in the valley of the son of Hinnom, and burnt his children in the fire, after the abominations of the heathen whom the LORD had cast out before the children of Israel.
28:4: He sacrificed also and burnt incense in the high places, and on the hills, and under every green tree.
28:5: Wherefore the LORD his God delivered him into the hand of the king of Syria; and they smote him, and carried away a great multitude of them captives, and brought them to Damascus.  And he was also delivered into the hand of the king of Israel, who smote him with a great slaughter.
28:6: For Pekah the son of Remaliah slew in Judah an hundred and twenty thousand in one day, which were all valiant men; because they had forsaken the LORD God of their fathers.
28:7: And Zichri, a mighty man of Ephraim, slew Maaseiah the king's son, and Azrikam the governor of the house, and Elkanah that was next to the king.
28:8: And the children of Israel carried away captive of their brethren two hundred thousand, women, sons, and daughters, and took also away much spoil from them, and brought the spoil to Samaria.
28:9: But a prophet of the LORD was there, whose name was Oded: and he went out before the host that came to Samaria, and said unto them, Behold, because the LORD God of your fathers was wroth with Judah, he hath delivered them into your hand, and ye have slain them in a rage that reacheth up unto heaven.
28:10: And now ye purpose to keep under the children of Judah and Jerusalem for bondmen and bondwomen unto you: but are there not with you, even with you, sins against the LORD your God?
28:11: Now hear me therefore, and deliver the captives again, which ye have taken captive of your brethren: for the fierce wrath of the LORD is upon you.
28:12: Then certain of the heads of the children of Ephraim, Azariah the son of Johanan, Berechiah the son of Meshillemoth, and Jehizkiah the son of Shallum, and Amasa the son of Hadlai, stood up against them that came from the war,
28:13: And said unto them, Ye shall not bring in the captives hither: for whereas we have offended against the LORD already, ye intend to add more to our sins and to our trespass: for our trespass is great, and there is fierce wrath against Israel. 
28:14: So the armed men left the captives and the spoil before the princes and all the congregation.
28:15: And the men which were expressed by name rose up, and took the captives, and with the spoil clothed all that were naked among them, and arrayed them, and shod them, and gave them to eat and to drink, and anointed them, and carried all the feeble of them upon asses, and brought them to Jericho, the city of palm trees, to their brethren: then they returned to Samaria. 
28:16: At that time did king Ahaz send unto the kings of Assyria to help him. 
28:17: For again the Edomites had come and smitten Judah, and carried away captives.
28:18: The Philistines also had invaded the cities of the low country, and of the south of Judah, and had taken Beth-shemesh, and Ajalon, and Gederoth, and Shocho with the villages thereof, and Timnah with the villages thereof, Gimzo also and the villages thereof: and they dwelt there.
28:19: For the LORD brought Judah low because of Ahaz king of Israel; for he made Judah naked, and transgressed sore against the LORD.
28:20: And Tilgath-pilneser king of Assyria came unto him, and distressed him, but strengthened him not.
28:21: For Ahaz took away a portion out of the house of the LORD, and out of the house of the king, and of the princes, and gave it unto the king of Assyria: but he helped him not.
28:22: And in the time of his distress did he trespass yet more against the LORD: this is that king Ahaz.
28:23: For he sacrificed unto the gods of Damascus, which smote him: and he said, Because the gods of the kings of Syria help them, therefore will I sacrifice to them, that they may help me.  But they were the ruin of him, and of all Israel.
28:24: And Ahaz gathered together the vessels of the house of God, and cut in pieces the vessels of the house of God, and shut up the doors of the house of the LORD, and he made him altars in every corner of Jerusalem.
28:25: And in every several city of Judah he made high places to burn incense unto other gods, and provoked to anger the LORD God of his fathers.
28:26: Now the rest of his acts and of all his ways, first and last, behold, they are written in the book of the kings of Judah and Israel.
28:27: And Ahaz slept with his fathers, and they buried him in the city, even in Jerusalem: but they brought him not into the sepulchres of the kings of Israel: and Hezekiah his son reigned in his stead.
29:1: Hezekiah began to reign when he was five and twenty years old, and he reigned nine and twenty years in Jerusalem.  And his mother's name was Abijah, the daughter of Zechariah.
29:2: And he did that which was right in the sight of the LORD, according to all that David his father had done.
29:3: He in the first year of his reign, in the first month, opened the doors of the house of the LORD, and repaired them.
29:4: And he brought in the priests and the Levites, and gathered them together into the east street,
29:5: And said unto them, Hear me, ye Levites, sanctify now yourselves, and sanctify the house of the LORD God of your fathers, and carry forth the filthiness out of the holy place.
29:6: For our fathers have trespassed, and done that which was evil in the eyes of the LORD our God, and have forsaken him, and have turned away their faces from the habitation of the LORD, and turned their backs.
29:7: Also they have shut up the doors of the porch, and put out the lamps, and have not burned incense nor offered burnt offerings in the holy place unto the God of Israel.
29:8: Wherefore the wrath of the LORD was upon Judah and Jerusalem, and he hath delivered them to trouble, to astonishment, and to hissing, as ye see with your eyes.
29:9: For, lo, our fathers have fallen by the sword, and our sons and our daughters and our wives are in captivity for this. 
29:10: Now it is in mine heart to make a covenant with the LORD God of Israel, that his fierce wrath may turn away from us.
29:11: My sons, be not now negligent: for the LORD hath chosen you to stand before him, to serve him, and that ye should minister unto him, and burn incense. 
29:12: Then the Levites arose, Mahath the son of Amasai, and Joel the son of Azariah, of the sons of the Kohathites: and of the sons of Merari, Kish the son of Abdi, and Azariah the son of Jehalelel: and of the Gershonites; Joah the son of Zimmah, and Eden the son of Joah: 
29:13: And of the sons of Elizaphan; Shimri, and Jeiel: and of the sons of Asaph; Zechariah, and Mattaniah:
29:14: And of the sons of Heman; Jehiel, and Shimei: and of the sons of Jeduthun; Shemaiah, and Uzziel.
29:15: And they gathered their brethren, and sanctified themselves, and came, according to the commandment of the king, by the words of the LORD, to cleanse the house of the LORD.
29:16: And the priests went into the inner part of the house of the LORD, to cleanse it, and brought out all the uncleanness that they found in the temple of the LORD into the court of the house of the LORD.  And the Levites took it, to carry it out abroad into the brook Kidron.
29:17: Now they began on the first day of the first month to sanctify, and on the eighth day of the month came they to the porch of the LORD: so they sanctified the house of the LORD in eight days; and in the sixteenth day of the first month they made an end.
29:18: Then they went in to Hezekiah the king, and said, We have cleansed all the house of the LORD, and the altar of burnt offering, with all the vessels thereof, and the shewbread table, with all the vessels thereof.
29:19: Moreover all the vessels, which king Ahaz in his reign did cast away in his transgression, have we prepared and sanctified, and, behold, they are before the altar of the LORD.
29:20: Then Hezekiah the king rose early, and gathered the rulers of the city, and went up to the house of the LORD.
29:21: And they brought seven bullocks, and seven rams, and seven lambs, and seven he goats, for a sin offering for the kingdom, and for the sanctuary, and for Judah.  And he commanded the priests the sons of Aaron to offer them on the altar of the LORD.
29:22: So they killed the bullocks, and the priests received the blood, and sprinkled it on the altar: likewise, when they had killed the rams, they sprinkled the blood upon the altar: they killed also the lambs, and they sprinkled the blood upon the altar.
29:23: And they brought forth the he goats for the sin offering before the king and the congregation; and they laid their hands upon them:
29:24: And the priests killed them, and they made reconciliation with their blood upon the altar, to make an atonement for all Israel: for the king commanded that the burnt offering and the sin offering should be made for all Israel.
29:25: And he set the Levites in the house of the LORD with cymbals, with psalteries, and with harps, according to the commandment of David, and of Gad the king's seer, and Nathan the prophet: for so was the commandment of the LORD by his prophets.
29:26: And the Levites stood with the instruments of David, and the priests with the trumpets.
29:27: And Hezekiah commanded to offer the burnt offering upon the altar.  And when the burnt offering began, the song of the LORD began also with the trumpets, and with the instruments ordained by David king of Israel.
29:28: And all the congregation worshipped, and the singers sang, and the trumpeters sounded: and all this continued until the burnt offering was finished.
29:29: And when they had made an end of offering, the king and all that were present with him bowed themselves, and worshipped.
29:30: Moreover Hezekiah the king and the princes commanded the Levites to sing praise unto the LORD with the words of David, and of Asaph the seer.  And they sang praises with gladness, and they bowed their heads and worshipped.
29:31: Then Hezekiah answered and said, Now ye have consecrated yourselves unto the LORD, come near and bring sacrifices and thank offerings into the house of the LORD.  And the congregation brought in sacrifices and thank offerings; and as many as were of a free heart burnt offerings.
29:32: And the number of the burnt offerings, which the congregation brought, was threescore and ten bullocks, an hundred rams, and two hundred lambs: all these were for a burnt offering to the LORD. 
29:33: And the consecrated things were six hundred oxen and three thousand sheep.
29:34: But the priests were too few, so that they could not flay all the burnt offerings: wherefore their brethren the Levites did help them, till the work was ended, and until the other priests had sanctified themselves: for the Levites were more upright in heart to sanctify themselves than the priests. 
29:35: And also the burnt offerings were in abundance, with the fat of the peace offerings, and the drink offerings for every burnt offering.  So the service of the house of the LORD was set in order. 
29:36: And Hezekiah rejoiced, and all the people, that God had prepared the people: for the thing was done suddenly.
30:1: And Hezekiah sent to all Israel and Judah, and wrote letters also to Ephraim and Manasseh, that they should come to the house of the LORD at Jerusalem, to keep the passover unto the LORD God of Israel.
30:2: For the king had taken counsel, and his princes, and all the congregation in Jerusalem, to keep the passover in the second month.
30:3: For they could not keep it at that time, because the priests had not sanctified themselves sufficiently, neither had the people gathered themselves together to Jerusalem.
30:4: And the thing pleased the king and all the congregation.
30:5: So they established a decree to make proclamation throughout all Israel, from Beer-sheba even to Dan, that they should come to keep the passover unto the LORD God of Israel at Jerusalem: for they had not done it of a long time in such sort as it was written.
30:6: So the posts went with the letters from the king and his princes throughout all Israel and Judah, and according to the commandment of the king, saying, Ye children of Israel, turn again unto the LORD God of Abraham, Isaac, and Israel, and he will return to the remnant of you, that are escaped out of the hand of the kings of Assyria.
30:7: And be not ye like your fathers, and like your brethren, which trespassed against the LORD God of their fathers, who therefore gave them up to desolation, as ye see.
30:8: Now be ye not stiffnecked, as your fathers were, but yield yourselves unto the LORD, and enter into his sanctuary, which he hath sanctified for ever: and serve the LORD your God, that the fierceness of his wrath may turn away from you.
30:9: For if ye turn again unto the LORD, your brethren and your children shall find compassion before them that lead them captive, so that they shall come again into this land: for the LORD your God is gracious and merciful, and will not turn away his face from you, if ye return unto him.
30:10: So the posts passed from city to city through the country of Ephraim and Manasseh even unto Zebulun: but they laughed them to scorn, and mocked them.
30:11: Nevertheless divers of Asher and Manasseh and of Zebulun humbled themselves, and came to Jerusalem.
30:12: Also in Judah the hand of God was to give them one heart to do the commandment of the king and of the princes, by the word of the LORD.
30:13: And there assembled at Jerusalem much people to keep the feast of unleavened bread in the second month, a very great congregation.
30:14: And they arose and took away the altars that were in Jerusalem, and all the altars for incense took they away, and cast them into the brook Kidron.
30:15: Then they killed the passover on the fourteenth day of the second month: and the priests and the Levites were ashamed, and sanctified themselves, and brought in the burnt offerings into the house of the LORD.
30:16: And they stood in their place after their manner, according to the law of Moses the man of God: the priests sprinkled the blood, which they received of the hand of the Levites.
30:17: For there were many in the congregation that were not sanctified: therefore the Levites had the charge of the killing of the passovers for every one that was not clean, to sanctify them unto the LORD.
30:18: For a multitude of the people, even many of Ephraim, and Manasseh, Issachar, and Zebulun, had not cleansed themselves, yet did they eat the passover otherwise than it was written.  But Hezekiah prayed for them, saying, The good LORD pardon every one 
30:19: That prepareth his heart to seek God, the LORD God of his fathers, though he be not cleansed according to the purification of the sanctuary.
30:20: And the LORD hearkened to Hezekiah, and healed the people. 
30:21: And the children of Israel that were present at Jerusalem kept the feast of unleavened bread seven days with great gladness: and the Levites and the priests praised the LORD day by day, singing with loud instruments unto the LORD. 
30:22: And Hezekiah spake comfortably unto all the Levites that taught the good knowledge of the LORD: and they did eat throughout the feast seven days, offering peace offerings, and making confession to the LORD God of their fathers.
30:23: And the whole assembly took counsel to keep other seven days: and they kept other seven days with gladness.
30:24: For Hezekiah king of Judah did give to the congregation a thousand bullocks and seven thousand sheep; and the princes gave to the congregation a thousand bullocks and ten thousand sheep: and a great number of priests sanctified themselves.
30:25: And all the congregation of Judah, with the priests and the Levites, and all the congregation that came out of Israel, and the strangers that came out of the land of Israel, and that dwelt in Judah, rejoiced.
30:26: So there was great joy in Jerusalem: for since the time of Solomon the son of David king of Israel there was not the like in Jerusalem.
30:27: Then the priests the Levites arose and blessed the people: and their voice was heard, and their prayer came up to his holy dwelling place, even unto heaven.
31:1: Now when all this was finished, all Israel that were present went out to the cities of Judah, and brake the images in pieces, and cut down the groves, and threw down the high places and the altars out of all Judah and Benjamin, in Ephraim also and Manasseh, until they had utterly destroyed them all.  Then all the children of Israel returned, every man to his possession, into their own cities.
31:2: And Hezekiah appointed the courses of the priests and the Levites after their courses, every man according to his service, the priests and Levites for burnt offerings and for peace offerings, to minister, and to give thanks, and to praise in the gates of the tents of the LORD.
31:3: He appointed also the king's portion of his substance for the burnt offerings, to wit, for the morning and evening burnt offerings, and the burnt offerings for the sabbaths, and for the new moons, and for the set feasts, as it is written in the law of the LORD.
31:4: Moreover he commanded the people that dwelt in Jerusalem to give the portion of the priests and the Levites, that they might be encouraged in the law of the LORD.
31:5: And as soon as the commandment came abroad, the children of Israel brought in abundance the firstfruits of corn, wine, and oil, and honey, and of all the increase of the fields; and the tithe of all things brought they in abundantly.
31:6: And concerning the children of Israel and Judah, that dwelt in the cities of Judah, they also brought in the tithe of oxen and sheep, and the tithe of holy things which were consecrated unto the LORD their God, and laid them by heaps.
31:7: In the third month they began to lay the foundation of the heaps, and finished them in the seventh month. 
31:8: And when Hezekiah and the princes came and saw the heaps, they blessed the LORD, and his people Israel.
31:9: Then Hezekiah questioned with the priests and the Levites concerning the heaps. 
31:10: And Azariah the chief priest of the house of Zadok answered him, and said, Since the people began to bring the offerings into the house of the LORD, we have had enough to eat, and have left plenty: for the LORD hath blessed his people; and that which is left is this great store. 
31:11: Then Hezekiah commanded to prepare chambers in the house of the LORD; and they prepared them,
31:12: And brought in the offerings and the tithes and the dedicated things faithfully: over which Cononiah the Levite was ruler, and Shimei his brother was the next.
31:13: And Jehiel, and Azaziah, and Nahath, and Asahel, and Jerimoth, and Jozabad, and Eliel, and Ismachiah, and Mahath, and Benaiah, were overseers under the hand of Cononiah and Shimei his brother, at the commandment of Hezekiah the king, and Azariah the ruler of the house of God.
31:14: And Kore the son of Imnah the Levite, the porter toward the east, was over the freewill offerings of God, to distribute the oblations of the LORD, and the most holy things.
31:15: And next him were Eden, and Miniamin, and Jeshua, and Shemaiah, Amariah, and Shecaniah, in the cities of the priests, in their set office, to give to their brethren by courses, as well to the great as to the small:
31:16: Beside their genealogy of males, from three years old and upward, even unto every one that entereth into the house of the LORD, his daily portion for their service in their charges according to their courses;
31:17: Both to the genealogy of the priests by the house of their fathers, and the Levites from twenty years old and upward, in their charges by their courses;
31:18: And to the genealogy of all their little ones, their wives, and their sons, and their daughters, through all the congregation: for in their set office they sanctified themselves in holiness:
31:19: Also of the sons of Aaron the priests, which were in the fields of the suburbs of their cities, in every several city, the men that were expressed by name, to give portions to all the males among the priests, and to all that were reckoned by genealogies among the Levites.
31:20: And thus did Hezekiah throughout all Judah, and wrought that which was good and right and truth before the LORD his God.
31:21: And in every work that he began in the service of the house of God, and in the law, and in the commandments, to seek his God, he did it with all his heart, and prospered.
32:1: After these things, and the establishment thereof, Sennacherib king of Assyria came, and entered into Judah, and encamped against the fenced cities, and thought to win them for himself.
32:2: And when Hezekiah saw that Sennacherib was come, and that he was purposed to fight against Jerusalem,
32:3: He took counsel with his princes and his mighty men to stop the waters of the fountains which were without the city: and they did help him.
32:4: So there was gathered much people together, who stopped all the fountains, and the brook that ran through the midst of the land, saying, Why should the kings of Assyria come, and find much water?
32:5: Also he strengthened himself, and built up all the wall that was broken, and raised it up to the towers, and another wall without, and repaired Millo in the city of David, and made darts and shields in abundance.
32:6: And he set captains of war over the people, and gathered them together to him in the street of the gate of the city, and spake comfortably to them, saying,
32:7: Be strong and courageous, be not afraid nor dismayed for the king of Assyria, nor for all the multitude that is with him: for there be more with us than with him:
32:8: With him is an arm of flesh; but with us is the LORD our God to help us, and to fight our battles.  And the people rested themselves upon the words of Hezekiah king of Judah. 
32:9: After this did Sennacherib king of Assyria send his servants to Jerusalem, (but he himself laid siege against Lachish, and all his power with him,) unto Hezekiah king of Judah, and unto all Judah that were at Jerusalem, saying,
32:10: Thus saith Sennacherib king of Assyria, Whereon do ye trust, that ye abide in the siege in Jerusalem? 
32:11: Doth not Hezekiah persuade you to give over yourselves to die by famine and by thirst, saying, The LORD our God shall deliver us out of the hand of the king of Assyria? 
32:12: Hath not the same Hezekiah taken away his high places and his altars, and commanded Judah and Jerusalem, saying, Ye shall worship before one altar, and burn incense upon it?
32:13: Know ye not what I and my fathers have done unto all the people of other lands?  were the gods of the nations of those lands any ways able to deliver their lands out of mine hand?
32:14: Who was there among all the gods of those nations that my fathers utterly destroyed, that could deliver his people out of mine hand, that your God should be able to deliver you out of mine hand?
32:15: Now therefore let not Hezekiah deceive you, nor persuade you on this manner, neither yet believe him: for no god of any nation or kingdom was able to deliver his people out of mine hand, and out of the hand of my fathers: how much less shall your God deliver you out of mine hand?
32:16: And his servants spake yet more against the LORD God, and against his servant Hezekiah.
32:17: He wrote also letters to rail on the LORD God of Israel, and to speak against him, saying, As the gods of the nations of other lands have not delivered their people out of mine hand, so shall not the God of Hezekiah deliver his people out of mine hand.
32:18: Then they cried with a loud voice in the Jews' speech unto the people of Jerusalem that were on the wall, to affright them, and to trouble them; that they might take the city.
32:19: And they spake against the God of Jerusalem, as against the gods of the people of the earth, which were the work of the hands of man.
32:20: And for this cause Hezekiah the king, and the prophet Isaiah the son of Amoz, prayed and cried to heaven.
32:21: And the LORD sent an angel, which cut off all the mighty men of valour, and the leaders and captains in the camp of the king of Assyria.  So he returned with shame of face to his own land.  And when he was come into the house of his god, they that came forth of his own bowels slew him there with the sword.
32:22: Thus the LORD saved Hezekiah and the inhabitants of Jerusalem from the hand of Sennacherib the king of Assyria, and from the hand of all other, and guided them on every side.
32:23: And many brought gifts unto the LORD to Jerusalem, and presents to Hezekiah king of Judah: so that he was magnified in the sight of all nations from thenceforth.
32:24: In those days Hezekiah was sick to the death, and prayed unto the LORD: and he spake unto him, and he gave him a sign.
32:25: But Hezekiah rendered not again according to the benefit done unto him; for his heart was lifted up: therefore there was wrath upon him, and upon Judah and Jerusalem.
32:26: Notwithstanding Hezekiah humbled himself for the pride of his heart, both he and the inhabitants of Jerusalem, so that the wrath of the LORD came not upon them in the days of Hezekiah.
32:27: And Hezekiah had exceeding much riches and honour: and he made himself treasuries for silver, and for gold, and for precious stones, and for spices, and for shields, and for all manner of pleasant jewels;
32:28: Storehouses also for the increase of corn, and wine, and oil; and stalls for all manner of beasts, and cotes for flocks.
32:29: Moreover he provided him cities, and possessions of flocks and herds in abundance: for God had given him substance very much.
32:30: This same Hezekiah also stopped the upper watercourse of Gihon, and brought it straight down to the west side of the city of David.  And Hezekiah prospered in all his works.
32:31: Howbeit in the business of the ambassadors of the princes of Babylon, who sent unto him to enquire of the wonder that was done in the land, God left him, to try him, that he might know all that was in his heart. 
32:32: Now the rest of the acts of Hezekiah, and his goodness, behold, they are written in the vision of Isaiah the prophet, the son of Amoz, and in the book of the kings of Judah and Israel.
32:33: And Hezekiah slept with his fathers, and they buried him in the chiefest of the sepulchres of the sons of David: and all Judah and the inhabitants of Jerusalem did him honour at his death.  And Manasseh his son reigned in his stead. 
33:1: Manasseh was twelve years old when he began to reign, and he reigned fifty and five years in Jerusalem:
33:2: But did that which was evil in the sight of the LORD, like unto the abominations of the heathen, whom the LORD had cast out before the children of Israel.
33:3: For he built again the high places which Hezekiah his father had broken down, and he reared up altars for Baalim, and made groves, and worshipped all the host of heaven, and served them.
33:4: Also he built altars in the house of the LORD, whereof the LORD had said, In Jerusalem shall my name be for ever.
33:5: And he built altars for all the host of heaven in the two courts of the house of the LORD.
33:6: And he caused his children to pass through the fire in the valley of the son of Hinnom: also he observed times, and used enchantments, and used witchcraft, and dealt with a familiar spirit, and with wizards: he wrought much evil in the sight of the LORD, to provoke him to anger.
33:7: And he set a carved image, the idol which he had made, in the house of God, of which God had said to David and to Solomon his son, In this house, and in Jerusalem, which I have chosen before all the tribes of Israel, will I put my name for ever:
33:8: Neither will I any more remove the foot of Israel from out of the land which I have appointed for your fathers; so that they will take heed to do all that I have commanded them, according to the whole law and the statutes and the ordinances by the hand of Moses.
33:9: So Manasseh made Judah and the inhabitants of Jerusalem to err, and to do worse than the heathen, whom the LORD had destroyed before the children of Israel.
33:10: And the LORD spake to Manasseh, and to his people: but they would not hearken.
33:11: Wherefore the LORD brought upon them the captains of the host of the king of Assyria, which took Manasseh among the thorns, and bound him with fetters, and carried him to Babylon.
33:12: And when he was in affliction, he besought the LORD his God, and humbled himself greatly before the God of his fathers,
33:13: And prayed unto him: and he was intreated of him, and heard his supplication, and brought him again to Jerusalem into his kingdom.  Then Manasseh knew that the LORD he was God.
33:14: Now after this he built a wall without the city of David, on the west side of Gihon, in the valley, even to the entering in at the fish gate, and compassed about Ophel, and raised it up a very great height, and put captains of war in all the fenced cities of Judah.
33:15: And he took away the strange gods, and the idol out of the house of the LORD, and all the altars that he had built in the mount of the house of the LORD, and in Jerusalem, and cast them out of the city.
33:16: And he repaired the altar of the LORD, and sacrificed thereon peace offerings and thank offerings, and commanded Judah to serve the LORD God of Israel. 
33:17: Nevertheless the people did sacrifice still in the high places, yet unto the LORD their God only.
33:18: Now the rest of the acts of Manasseh, and his prayer unto his God, and the words of the seers that spake to him in the name of the LORD God of Israel, behold, they are written in the book of the kings of Israel. 
33:19: His prayer also, and how God was intreated of him, and all his sin, and his trespass, and the places wherein he built high places, and set up groves and graven images, before he was humbled: behold, they are written among the sayings of the seers. 
33:20: So Manasseh slept with his fathers, and they buried him in his own house: and Amon his son reigned in his stead.
33:21: Amon was two and twenty years old when he began to reign, and reigned two years in Jerusalem.
33:22: But he did that which was evil in the sight of the LORD, as did Manasseh his father: for Amon sacrificed unto all the carved images which Manasseh his father had made, and served them;
33:23: And humbled not himself before the LORD, as Manasseh his father had humbled himself; but Amon trespassed more and more.
33:24: And his servants conspired against him, and slew him in his own house.
33:25: But the people of the land slew all them that had conspired against king Amon; and the people of the land made Josiah his son king in his stead.
34:1: Josiah was eight years old when he began to reign, and he reigned in Jerusalem one and thirty years.
34:2: And he did that which was right in the sight of the LORD, and walked in the ways of David his father, and declined neither to the right hand, nor to the left.
34:3: For in the eighth year of his reign, while he was yet young, he began to seek after the God of David his father: and in the twelfth year he began to purge Judah and Jerusalem from the high places, and the groves, and the carved images, and the molten images.
34:4: And they brake down the altars of Baalim in his presence; and the images, that were on high above them, he cut down; and the groves, and the carved images, and the molten images, he brake in pieces, and made dust of them, and strowed it upon the graves of them that had sacrificed unto them.
34:5: And he burnt the bones of the priests upon their altars, and cleansed Judah and Jerusalem.
34:6: And so did he in the cities of Manasseh, and Ephraim, and Simeon, even unto Naphtali, with their mattocks round about.
34:7: And when he had broken down the altars and the groves, and had beaten the graven images into powder, and cut down all the idols throughout all the land of Israel, he returned to Jerusalem.
34:8: Now in the eighteenth year of his reign, when he had purged the land, and the house, he sent Shaphan the son of Azaliah, and Maaseiah the governor of the city, and Joah the son of Joahaz the recorder, to repair the house of the LORD his God.
34:9: And when they came to Hilkiah the high priest, they delivered the money that was brought into the house of God, which the Levites that kept the doors had gathered of the hand of Manasseh and Ephraim, and of all the remnant of Israel, and of all Judah and Benjamin; and they returned to Jerusalem.
34:10: And they put it in the hand of the workmen that had the oversight of the house of the LORD, and they gave it to the workmen that wrought in the house of the LORD, to repair and amend the house:
34:11: Even to the artificers and builders gave they it, to buy hewn stone, and timber for couplings, and to floor the houses which the kings of Judah had destroyed.
34:12: And the men did the work faithfully: and the overseers of them were Jahath and Obadiah, the Levites, of the sons of Merari; and Zechariah and Meshullam, of the sons of the Kohathites, to set it forward; and other of the Levites, all that could skill of instruments of musick.
34:13: Also they were over the bearers of burdens, and were overseers of all that wrought the work in any manner of service: and of the Levites there were scribes, and officers, and porters. 
34:14: And when they brought out the money that was brought into the house of the LORD, Hilkiah the priest found a book of the law of the LORD given by Moses.
34:15: And Hilkiah answered and said to Shaphan the scribe, I have found the book of the law in the house of the LORD.  And Hilkiah delivered the book to Shaphan. 
34:16: And Shaphan carried the book to the king, and brought the king word back again, saying, All that was committed to thy servants, they do it. 
34:17: And they have gathered together the money that was found in the house of the LORD, and have delivered it into the hand of the overseers, and to the hand of the workmen.
34:18: Then Shaphan the scribe told the king, saying, Hilkiah the priest hath given me a book.  And Shaphan read it before the king.
34:19: And it came to pass, when the king had heard the words of the law, that he rent his clothes.
34:20: And the king commanded Hilkiah, and Ahikam the son of Shaphan, and Abdon the son of Micah, and Shaphan the scribe, and Asaiah a servant of the king's, saying,
34:21: Go, enquire of the LORD for me, and for them that are left in Israel and in Judah, concerning the words of the book that is found: for great is the wrath of the LORD that is poured out upon us, because our fathers have not kept the word of the LORD, to do after all that is written in this book.
34:22: And Hilkiah, and they that the king had appointed, went to Huldah the prophetess, the wife of Shallum the son of Tikvath, the son of Hasrah, keeper of the wardrobe; (now she dwelt in Jerusalem in the college:) and they spake to her to that effect.
34:23: And she answered them, Thus saith the LORD God of Israel, Tell ye the man that sent you to me,
34:24: Thus saith the LORD, Behold, I will bring evil upon this place, and upon the inhabitants thereof, even all the curses that are written in the book which they have read before the king of Judah:
34:25: Because they have forsaken me, and have burned incense unto other gods, that they might provoke me to anger with all the works of their hands; therefore my wrath shall be poured out upon this place, and shall not be quenched.
34:26: And as for the king of Judah, who sent you to enquire of the LORD, so shall ye say unto him, Thus saith the LORD God of Israel concerning the words which thou hast heard;
34:27: Because thine heart was tender, and thou didst humble thyself before God, when thou heardest his words against this place, and against the inhabitants thereof, and humbledst thyself before me, and didst rend thy clothes, and weep before me; I have even heard thee also, saith the LORD.
34:28: Behold, I will gather thee to thy fathers, and thou shalt be gathered to thy grave in peace, neither shall thine eyes see all the evil that I will bring upon this place, and upon the inhabitants of the same.  So they brought the king word again.
34:29: Then the king sent and gathered together all the elders of Judah and Jerusalem.
34:30: And the king went up into the house of the LORD, and all the men of Judah, and the inhabitants of Jerusalem, and the priests, and the Levites, and all the people, great and small: and he read in their ears all the words of the book of the covenant that was found in the house of the LORD.
34:31: And the king stood in his place, and made a covenant before the LORD, to walk after the LORD, and to keep his commandments, and his testimonies, and his statutes, with all his heart, and with all his soul, to perform the words of the covenant which are written in this book.
34:32: And he caused all that were present in Jerusalem and Benjamin to stand to it.  And the inhabitants of Jerusalem did according to the covenant of God, the God of their fathers.
34:33: And Josiah took away all the abominations out of all the countries that pertained to the children of Israel, and made all that were present in Israel to serve, even to serve the LORD their God.  And all his days they departed not from following the LORD, the God of their fathers.
35:1: Moreover Josiah kept a passover unto the LORD in Jerusalem: and they killed the passover on the fourteenth day of the first month.
35:2: And he set the priests in their charges, and encouraged them to the service of the house of the LORD, 
35:3: And said unto the Levites that taught all Israel, which were holy unto the LORD, Put the holy ark in the house which Solomon the son of David king of Israel did build; it shall not be a burden upon your shoulders: serve now the LORD your God, and his people Israel,
35:4: And prepare yourselves by the houses of your fathers, after your courses, according to the writing of David king of Israel, and according to the writing of Solomon his son. 
35:5: And stand in the holy place according to the divisions of the families of the fathers of your brethren the people, and after the division of the families of the Levites. 
35:6: So kill the passover, and sanctify yourselves, and prepare your brethren, that they may do according to the word of the LORD by the hand of Moses.
35:7: And Josiah gave to the people, of the flock, lambs and kids, all for the passover offerings, for all that were present, to the number of thirty thousand, and three thousand bullocks: these were of the king's substance.
35:8: And his princes gave willingly unto the people, to the priests, and to the Levites: Hilkiah and Zechariah and Jehiel, rulers of the house of God, gave unto the priests for the passover offerings two thousand and six hundred small cattle, and three hundred oxen.
35:9: Conaniah also, and Shemaiah and Nethaneel, his brethren, and Hashabiah and Jeiel and Jozabad, chief of the Levites, gave unto the Levites for passover offerings five thousand small cattle, and five hundred oxen.
35:10: So the service was prepared, and the priests stood in their place, and the Levites in their courses, according to the king's commandment.
35:11: And they killed the passover, and the priests sprinkled the blood from their hands, and the Levites flayed them.
35:12: And they removed the burnt offerings, that they might give according to the divisions of the families of the people, to offer unto the LORD, as it is written in the book of Moses.  And so did they with the oxen.
35:13: And they roasted the passover with fire according to the ordinance: but the other holy offerings sod they in pots, and in caldrons, and in pans, and divided them speedily among all the people.
35:14: And afterward they made ready for themselves, and for the priests: because the priests the sons of Aaron were busied in offering of burnt offerings and the fat until night; therefore the Levites prepared for themselves, and for the priests the sons of Aaron.
35:15: And the singers the sons of Asaph were in their place, according to the commandment of David, and Asaph, and Heman, and Jeduthun the king's seer; and the porters waited at every gate; they might not depart from their service; for their brethren the Levites prepared for them.
35:16: So all the service of the LORD was prepared the same day, to keep the passover, and to offer burnt offerings upon the altar of the LORD, according to the commandment of king Josiah.
35:17: And the children of Israel that were present kept the passover at that time, and the feast of unleavened bread seven days.
35:18: And there was no passover like to that kept in Israel from the days of Samuel the prophet; neither did all the kings of Israel keep such a passover as Josiah kept, and the priests, and the Levites, and all Judah and Israel that were present, and the inhabitants of Jerusalem.
35:19: In the eighteenth year of the reign of Josiah was this passover kept. 
35:20: After all this, when Josiah had prepared the temple, Necho king of Egypt came up to fight against Carchemish by Euphrates: and Josiah went out against him.
35:21: But he sent ambassadors to him, saying, What have I to do with thee, thou king of Judah?  I come not against thee this day, but against the house wherewith I have war: for God commanded me to make haste: forbear thee from meddling with God, who is with me, that he destroy thee not. 
35:22: Nevertheless Josiah would not turn his face from him, but disguised himself, that he might fight with him, and hearkened not unto the words of Necho from the mouth of God, and came to fight in the valley of Megiddo. 
35:23: And the archers shot at king Josiah; and the king said to his servants, Have me away; for I am sore wounded.
35:24: His servants therefore took him out of that chariot, and put him in the second chariot that he had; and they brought him to Jerusalem, and he died, and was buried in one of the sepulchres of his fathers.  And all Judah and Jerusalem mourned for Josiah.
35:25: And Jeremiah lamented for Josiah: and all the singing men and the singing women spake of Josiah in their lamentations to this day, and made them an ordinance in Israel: and, behold, they are written in the lamentations.
35:26: Now the rest of the acts of Josiah, and his goodness, according to that which was written in the law of the LORD,
35:27: And his deeds, first and last, behold, they are written in the book of the kings of Israel and Judah.
36:1: Then the people of the land took Jehoahaz the son of Josiah, and made him king in his father's stead in Jerusalem.
36:2: Jehoahaz was twenty and three years old when he began to reign, and he reigned three months in Jerusalem.
36:3: And the king of Egypt put him down at Jerusalem, and condemned the land in an hundred talents of silver and a talent of gold.
36:4: And the king of Egypt made Eliakim his brother king over Judah and Jerusalem, and turned his name to Jehoiakim.  And Necho took Jehoahaz his brother, and carried him to Egypt.
36:5: Jehoiakim was twenty and five years old when he began to reign, and he reigned eleven years in Jerusalem: and he did that which was evil in the sight of the LORD his God.
36:6: Against him came up Nebuchadnezzar king of Babylon, and bound him in fetters, to carry him to Babylon.
36:7: Nebuchadnezzar also carried of the vessels of the house of the LORD to Babylon, and put them in his temple at Babylon.
36:8: Now the rest of the acts of Jehoiakim, and his abominations which he did, and that which was found in him, behold, they are written in the book of the kings of Israel and Judah: and Jehoiachin his son reigned in his stead.
36:9: Jehoiachin was eight years old when he began to reign, and he reigned three months and ten days in Jerusalem: and he did that which was evil in the sight of the LORD.
36:10: And when the year was expired, king Nebuchadnezzar sent, and brought him to Babylon, with the goodly vessels of the house of the LORD, and made Zedekiah his brother king over Judah and Jerusalem.
36:11: Zedekiah was one and twenty years old when he began to reign, and reigned eleven years in Jerusalem.
36:12: And he did that which was evil in the sight of the LORD his God, and humbled not himself before Jeremiah the prophet speaking from the mouth of the LORD.
36:13: And he also rebelled against king Nebuchadnezzar, who had made him swear by God: but he stiffened his neck, and hardened his heart from turning unto the LORD God of Israel.
36:14: Moreover all the chief of the priests, and the people, transgressed very much after all the abominations of the heathen; and polluted the house of the LORD which he had hallowed in Jerusalem. 
36:15: And the LORD God of their fathers sent to them by his messengers, rising up betimes, and sending; because he had compassion on his people, and on his dwelling place:
36:16: But they mocked the messengers of God, and despised his words, and misused his prophets, until the wrath of the LORD arose against his people, till there was no remedy. 
36:17: Therefore he brought upon them the king of the Chaldees, who slew their young men with the sword in the house of their sanctuary, and had no compassion upon young man or maiden, old man, or him that stooped for age: he gave them all into his hand. 
36:18: And all the vessels of the house of God, great and small, and the treasures of the house of the LORD, and the treasures of the king, and of his princes; all these he brought to Babylon.
36:19: And they burnt the house of God, and brake down the wall of Jerusalem, and burnt all the palaces thereof with fire, and destroyed all the goodly vessels thereof.
36:20: And them that had escaped from the sword carried he away to Babylon; where they were servants to him and his sons until the reign of the kingdom of Persia:
36:21: To fulfil the word of the LORD by the mouth of Jeremiah, until the land had enjoyed her sabbaths: for as long as she lay desolate she kept sabbath, to fulfil threescore and ten years.
36:22: Now in the first year of Cyrus king of Persia, that the word of the LORD spoken by the mouth of Jeremiah might be accomplished, the LORD stirred up the spirit of Cyrus king of Persia, that he made a proclamation throughout all his kingdom, and put it also in writing, saying,
36:23: Thus saith Cyrus king of Persia, All the kingdoms of the earth hath the LORD God of heaven given me; and he hath charged me to build him an house in Jerusalem, which is in Judah.  Who is there among you of all his people?  The LORD his God be with him, and let him go up.

EZRA
1:1: Now in the first year of Cyrus king of Persia, that the word of the LORD by the mouth of Jeremiah might be fulfilled, the LORD stirred up the spirit of Cyrus king of Persia, that he made a proclamation throughout all his kingdom, and put it also in writing, saying,
1:2: Thus saith Cyrus king of Persia, The LORD God of heaven hath given me all the kingdoms of the earth; and he hath charged me to build him an house at Jerusalem, which is in Judah. 
1:3: Who is there among you of all his people?  his God be with him, and let him go up to Jerusalem, which is in Judah, and build the house of the LORD God of Israel, (he is the God,) which is in Jerusalem.
1:4: And whosoever remaineth in any place where he sojourneth, let the men of his place help him with silver, and with gold, and with goods, and with beasts, beside the freewill offering for the house of God that is in Jerusalem. 
1:5: Then rose up the chief of the fathers of Judah and Benjamin, and the priests, and the Levites, with all them whose spirit God had raised, to go up to build the house of the LORD which is in Jerusalem. 
1:6: And all they that were about them strengthened their hands with vessels of silver, with gold, with goods, and with beasts, and with precious things, beside all that was willingly offered.
1:7: Also Cyrus the king brought forth the vessels of the house of the LORD, which Nebuchadnezzar had brought forth out of Jerusalem, and had put them in the house of his gods;
1:8: Even those did Cyrus king of Persia bring forth by the hand of Mithredath the treasurer, and numbered them unto Sheshbazzar, the prince of Judah.
1:9: And this is the number of them: thirty chargers of gold, a thousand chargers of silver, nine and twenty knives,
1:10: Thirty basons of gold, silver basons of a second sort four hundred and ten, and other vessels a thousand.
1:11: All the vessels of gold and of silver were five thousand and four hundred.  All these did Sheshbazzar bring up with them of the captivity that were brought up from Babylon unto Jerusalem.
2:1: Now these are the children of the province that went up out of the captivity, of those which had been carried away, whom Nebuchadnezzar the king of Babylon had carried away unto Babylon, and came again unto Jerusalem and Judah, every one unto his city;
2:2: Which came with Zerubbabel: Jeshua, Nehemiah, Seraiah, Reelaiah, Mordecai, Bilshan, Mispar, Bigvai, Rehum, Baanah.  The number of the men of the people of Israel:
2:3: The children of Parosh, two thousand an hundred seventy and two.
2:4: The children of Shephatiah, three hundred seventy and two.
2:5: The children of Arah, seven hundred seventy and five.
2:6: The children of Pahath-moab, of the children of Jeshua and Joab, two thousand eight hundred and twelve.
2:7: The children of Elam, a thousand two hundred fifty and four.
2:8: The children of Zattu, nine hundred forty and five.
2:9: The children of Zaccai, seven hundred and threescore.
2:10: The children of Bani, six hundred forty and two.
2:11: The children of Bebai, six hundred twenty and three.
2:12: The children of Azgad, a thousand two hundred twenty and two.
2:13: The children of Adonikam, six hundred sixty and six. 
2:14: The children of Bigvai, two thousand fifty and six.
2:15: The children of Adin, four hundred fifty and four. 
2:16: The children of Ater of Hezekiah, ninety and eight. 
2:17: The children of Bezai, three hundred twenty and three.
2:18: The children of Jorah, an hundred and twelve.
2:19: The children of Hashum, two hundred twenty and three.
2:20: The children of Gibbar, ninety and five.
2:21: The children of Bethlehem, an hundred twenty and three.
2:22: The men of Netophah, fifty and six.
2:23: The men of Anathoth, an hundred twenty and eight.
2:24: The children of Azmaveth, forty and two.
2:25: The children of Kirjath-arim, Chephirah, and Beeroth, seven hundred and forty and three.
2:26: The children of Ramah and Geba, six hundred twenty and one.
2:27: The men of Michmas, an hundred twenty and two.
2:28: The men of Bethel and Ai, two hundred twenty and three.
2:29: The children of Nebo, fifty and two.
2:30: The children of Magbish, an hundred fifty and six.
2:31: The children of the other Elam, a thousand two hundred fifty and four.
2:32: The children of Harim, three hundred and twenty.
2:33: The children of Lod, Hadid, and Ono, seven hundred twenty and five.
2:34: The children of Jericho, three hundred forty and five.
2:35: The children of Senaah, three thousand and six hundred and thirty.
2:36: The priests: the children of Jedaiah, of the house of Jeshua, nine hundred seventy and three. 
2:37: The children of Immer, a thousand fifty and two.
2:38: The children of Pashur, a thousand two hundred forty and seven. 
2:39: The children of Harim, a thousand and seventeen. 
2:40: The Levites: the children of Jeshua and Kadmiel, of the children of Hodaviah, seventy and four.
2:41: The singers: the children of Asaph, an hundred twenty and eight.
2:42: The children of the porters: the children of Shallum, the children of Ater, the children of Talmon, the children of Akkub, the children of Hatita, the children of Shobai, in all an hundred thirty and nine.
2:43: The Nethinims: the children of Ziha, the children of Hasupha, the children of Tabbaoth,
2:44: The children of Keros, the children of Siaha, the children of Padon,
2:45: The children of Lebanah, the children of Hagabah, the children of Akkub,
2:46: The children of Hagab, the children of Shalmai, the children of Hanan,
2:47: The children of Giddel, the children of Gahar, the children of Reaiah,
2:48: The children of Rezin, the children of Nekoda, the children of Gazzam,
2:49: The children of Uzza, the children of Paseah, the children of Besai,
2:50: The children of Asnah, the children of Mehunim, the children of Nephusim,
2:51: The children of Bakbuk, the children of Hakupha, the children of Harhur,
2:52: The children of Bazluth, the children of Mehida, the children of Harsha,
2:53: The children of Barkos, the children of Sisera, the children of Thamah,
2:54: The children of Neziah, the children of Hatipha.
2:55: The children of Solomon's servants: the children of Sotai, the children of Sophereth, the children of Peruda,
2:56: The children of Jaalah, the children of Darkon, the children of Giddel,
2:57: The children of Shephatiah, the children of Hattil, the children of Pochereth of Zebaim, the children of Ami.
2:58: All the Nethinims, and the children of Solomon's servants, were three hundred ninety and two.
2:59: And these were they which went up from Tel-melah, Tel-harsa, Cherub, Addan, and Immer: but they could not shew their father's house, and their seed, whether they were of Israel: 
2:60: The children of Delaiah, the children of Tobiah, the children of Nekoda, six hundred fifty and two.
2:61: And of the children of the priests: the children of Habaiah, the children of Koz, the children of Barzillai; which took a wife of the daughters of Barzillai the Gileadite, and was called after their name: 
2:62: These sought their register among those that were reckoned by genealogy, but they were not found: therefore were they, as polluted, put from the priesthood. 
2:63: And the Tirshatha said unto them, that they should not eat of the most holy things, till there stood up a priest with Urim and with Thummim.
2:64: The whole congregation together was forty and two thousand three hundred and threescore,
2:65: Beside their servants and their maids, of whom there were seven thousand three hundred thirty and seven: and there were among them two hundred singing men and singing women.
2:66: Their horses were seven hundred thirty and six; their mules, two hundred forty and five;
2:67: Their camels, four hundred thirty and five; their asses, six thousand seven hundred and twenty.
2:68: And some of the chief of the fathers, when they came to the house of the LORD which is at Jerusalem, offered freely for the house of God to set it up in his place:
2:69: They gave after their ability unto the treasure of the work threescore and one thousand drams of gold, and five thousand pound of silver, and one hundred priests' garments.
2:70: So the priests, and the Levites, and some of the people, and the singers, and the porters, and the Nethinims, dwelt in their cities, and all Israel in their cities.
3:1: And when the seventh month was come, and the children of Israel were in the cities, the people gathered themselves together as one man to Jerusalem.
3:2: Then stood up Jeshua the son of Jozadak, and his brethren the priests, and Zerubbabel the son of Shealtiel, and his brethren, and builded the altar of the God of Israel, to offer burnt offerings thereon, as it is written in the law of Moses the man of God.
3:3: And they set the altar upon his bases; for fear was upon them because of the people of those countries: and they offered burnt offerings thereon unto the LORD, even burnt offerings morning and evening.
3:4: They kept also the feast of tabernacles, as it is written, and offered the daily burnt offerings by number, according to the custom, as the duty of every day required;
3:5: And afterward offered the continual burnt offering, both of the new moons, and of all the set feasts of the LORD that were consecrated, and of every one that willingly offered a freewill offering unto the LORD.
3:6: From the first day of the seventh month began they to offer burnt offerings unto the LORD.  But the foundation of the temple of the LORD was not yet laid.
3:7: They gave money also unto the masons, and to the carpenters; and meat, and drink, and oil, unto them of Zidon, and to them of Tyre, to bring cedar trees from Lebanon to the sea of Joppa, according to the grant that they had of Cyrus king of Persia.
3:8: Now in the second year of their coming unto the house of God at Jerusalem, in the second month, began Zerubbabel the son of Shealtiel, and Jeshua the son of Jozadak, and the remnant of their brethren the priests and the Levites, and all they that were come out of the captivity unto Jerusalem; and appointed the Levites, from twenty years old and upward, to set forward the work of the house of the LORD.
3:9: Then stood Jeshua with his sons and his brethren, Kadmiel and his sons, the sons of Judah, together, to set forward the workmen in the house of God: the sons of Henadad, with their sons and their brethren the Levites.
3:10: And when the builders laid the foundation of the temple of the LORD, they set the priests in their apparel with trumpets, and the Levites the sons of Asaph with cymbals, to praise the LORD, after the ordinance of David king of Israel.
3:11: And they sang together by course in praising and giving thanks unto the LORD; because he is good, for his mercy endureth for ever toward Israel.  And all the people shouted with a great shout, when they praised the LORD, because the foundation of the house of the LORD was laid. 
3:12: But many of the priests and Levites and chief of the fathers, who were ancient men, that had seen the first house, when the foundation of this house was laid before their eyes, wept with a loud voice; and many shouted aloud for joy:
3:13: So that the people could not discern the noise of the shout of joy from the noise of the weeping of the people: for the people shouted with a loud shout, and the noise was heard afar off. 
4:1: Now when the adversaries of Judah and Benjamin heard that the children of the captivity builded the temple unto the LORD God of Israel;
4:2: Then they came to Zerubbabel, and to the chief of the fathers, and said unto them, Let us build with you: for we seek your God, as ye do; and we do sacrifice unto him since the days of Esar-haddon king of Assur, which brought us up hither.
4:3: But Zerubbabel, and Jeshua, and the rest of the chief of the fathers of Israel, said unto them, Ye have nothing to do with us to build an house unto our God; but we ourselves together will build unto the LORD God of Israel, as king Cyrus the king of Persia hath commanded us.
4:4: Then the people of the land weakened the hands of the people of Judah, and troubled them in building,
4:5: And hired counsellers against them, to frustrate their purpose, all the days of Cyrus king of Persia, even until the reign of Darius king of Persia. 
4:6: And in the reign of Ahasuerus, in the beginning of his reign, wrote they unto him an accusation against the inhabitants of Judah and Jerusalem.
4:7: And in the days of Artaxerxes wrote Bishlam, Mithredath, Tabeel, and the rest of their companions, unto Artaxerxes king of Persia; and the writing of the letter was written in the Syrian tongue, and interpreted in the Syrian tongue. 
4:8: Rehum the chancellor and Shimshai the scribe wrote a letter against Jerusalem to Artaxerxes the king in this sort: 
4:9: Then wrote Rehum the chancellor, and Shimshai the scribe, and the rest of their companions; the Dinaites, the Apharsathchites, the Tarpelites, the Apharsites, the Archevites, the Babylonians, the Susanchites, the Dehavites, and the Elamites,
4:10: And the rest of the nations whom the great and noble Asnappar brought over, and set in the cities of Samaria, and the rest that are on this side the river, and at such a time.
4:11: This is the copy of the letter that they sent unto him, even unto Artaxerxes the king; Thy servants the men on this side the river, and at such a time.
4:12: Be it known unto the king, that the Jews which came up from thee to us are come unto Jerusalem, building the rebellious and the bad city, and have set up the walls thereof, and joined the foundations.
4:13: Be it known now unto the king, that, if this city be builded, and the walls set up again, then will they not pay toll, tribute, and custom, and so thou shalt endamage the revenue of the kings.
4:14: Now because we have maintenance from the king's palace, and it was not meet for us to see the king's dishonour, therefore have we sent and certified the king;
4:15: That search may be made in the book of the records of thy fathers: so shalt thou find in the book of the records, and know that this city is a rebellious city, and hurtful unto kings and provinces, and that they have moved sedition within the same of old time: for which cause was this city destroyed.
4:16: We certify the king that, if this city be builded again, and the walls thereof set up, by this means thou shalt have no portion on this side the river.
4:17: Then sent the king an answer unto Rehum the chancellor, and to Shimshai the scribe, and to the rest of their companions that dwell in Samaria, and unto the rest beyond the river, Peace, and at such a time.
4:18: The letter which ye sent unto us hath been plainly read before me.
4:19: And I commanded, and search hath been made, and it is found that this city of old time hath made insurrection against kings, and that rebellion and sedition have been made therein.
4:20: There have been mighty kings also over Jerusalem, which have ruled over all countries beyond the river; and toll, tribute, and custom, was paid unto them.
4:21: Give ye now commandment to cause these men to cease, and that this city be not builded, until another commandment shall be given from me.
4:22: Take heed now that ye fail not to do this: why should damage grow to the hurt of the kings?
4:23: Now when the copy of king Artaxerxes' letter was read before Rehum, and Shimshai the scribe, and their companions, they went up in haste to Jerusalem unto the Jews, and made them to cease by force and power.
4:24: Then ceased the work of the house of God which is at Jerusalem.  So it ceased unto the second year of the reign of Darius king of Persia.
5:1: Then the prophets, Haggai the prophet, and Zechariah the son of Iddo, prophesied unto the Jews that were in Judah and Jerusalem in the name of the God of Israel, even unto them.
5:2: Then rose up Zerubbabel the son of Shealtiel, and Jeshua the son of Jozadak, and began to build the house of God which is at Jerusalem: and with them were the prophets of God helping them.
5:3: At the same time came to them Tatnai, governor on this side the river, and Shethar-boznai, and their companions, and said thus unto them, Who hath commanded you to build this house, and to make up this wall? 
5:4: Then said we unto them after this manner, What are the names of the men that make this building?
5:5: But the eye of their God was upon the elders of the Jews, that they could not cause them to cease, till the matter came to Darius: and then they returned answer by letter concerning this matter. 
5:6: The copy of the letter that Tatnai, governor on this side the river, and Shethar-boznai, and his companions the Apharsachites, which were on this side the river, sent unto Darius the king: 
5:7: They sent a letter unto him, wherein was written thus; Unto Darius the king, all peace.
5:8: Be it known unto the king, that we went into the province of Judea, to the house of the great God, which is builded with great stones, and timber is laid in the walls, and this work goeth fast on, and prospereth in their hands.
5:9: Then asked we those elders, and said unto them thus, Who commanded you to build this house, and to make up these walls?
5:10: We asked their names also, to certify thee, that we might write the names of the men that were the chief of them.
5:11: And thus they returned us answer, saying, We are the servants of the God of heaven and earth, and build the house that was builded these many years ago, which a great king of Israel builded and set up.
5:12: But after that our fathers had provoked the God of heaven unto wrath, he gave them into the hand of Nebuchadnezzar the king of Babylon, the Chaldean, who destroyed this house, and carried the people away into Babylon.
5:13: But in the first year of Cyrus the king of Babylon the same king Cyrus made a decree to build this house of God.
5:14: And the vessels also of gold and silver of the house of God, which Nebuchadnezzar took out of the temple that was in Jerusalem, and brought them into the temple of Babylon, those did Cyrus the king take out of the temple of Babylon, and they were delivered unto one, whose name was Sheshbazzar, whom he had made governor;
5:15: And said unto him, Take these vessels, go, carry them into the temple that is in Jerusalem, and let the house of God be builded in his place.
5:16: Then came the same Sheshbazzar, and laid the foundation of the house of God which is in Jerusalem: and since that time even until now hath it been in building, and yet it is not finished.
5:17: Now therefore, if it seem good to the king, let there be search made in the king's treasure house, which is there at Babylon, whether it be so, that a decree was made of Cyrus the king to build this house of God at Jerusalem, and let the king send his pleasure to us concerning this matter.
6:1: Then Darius the king made a decree, and search was made in the house of the rolls, where the treasures were laid up in Babylon.
6:2: And there was found at Achmetha, in the palace that is in the province of the Medes, a roll, and therein was a record thus written:
6:3: In the first year of Cyrus the king the same Cyrus the king made a decree concerning the house of God at Jerusalem, Let the house be builded, the place where they offered sacrifices, and let the foundations thereof be strongly laid; the height thereof threescore cubits, and the breadth thereof threescore cubits;
6:4: With three rows of great stones, and a row of new timber: and let the expences be given out of the king's house:
6:5: And also let the golden and silver vessels of the house of God, which Nebuchadnezzar took forth out of the temple which is at Jerusalem, and brought unto Babylon, be restored, and brought again unto the temple which is at Jerusalem, every one to his place, and place them in the house of God.
6:6: Now therefore, Tatnai, governor beyond the river, Shethar-boznai, and your companions the Apharsachites, which are beyond the river, be ye far from thence:
6:7: Let the work of this house of God alone; let the governor of the Jews and the elders of the Jews build this house of God in his place.
6:8: Moreover I made a decree what ye shall do to the elders of these Jews for the building of this house of God: that of the king's goods, even of the tribute beyond the river, forthwith expences be given unto these men, that they be not hindered. 
6:9: And that which they have need of, both young bullocks, and rams, and lambs, for the burnt offerings of the God of heaven, wheat, salt, wine, and oil, according to the appointment of the priests which are at Jerusalem, let it be given them day by day without fail:
6:10: That they may offer sacrifices of sweet savours unto the God of heaven, and pray for the life of the king, and of his sons. 
6:11: Also I have made a decree, that whosoever shall alter this word, let timber be pulled down from his house, and being set up, let him be hanged thereon; and let his house be made a dunghill for this. 
6:12: And the God that hath caused his name to dwell there destroy all kings and people, that shall put to their hand to alter and to destroy this house of God which is at Jerusalem.  I Darius have made a decree; let it be done with speed.
6:13: Then Tatnai, governor on this side the river, Shethar-boznai, and their companions, according to that which Darius the king had sent, so they did speedily.
6:14: And the elders of the Jews builded, and they prospered through the prophesying of Haggai the prophet and Zechariah the son of Iddo.  And they builded, and finished it, according to the commandment of the God of Israel, and according to the commandment of Cyrus, and Darius, and Artaxerxes king of Persia.
6:15: And this house was finished on the third day of the month Adar, which was in the sixth year of the reign of Darius the king.
6:16: And the children of Israel, the priests, and the Levites, and the rest of the children of the captivity, kept the dedication of this house of God with joy,
6:17: And offered at the dedication of this house of God an hundred bullocks, two hundred rams, four hundred lambs; and for a sin offering for all Israel, twelve he goats, according to the number of the tribes of Israel.
6:18: And they set the priests in their divisions, and the Levites in their courses, for the service of God, which is at Jerusalem; as it is written in the book of Moses.
6:19: And the children of the captivity kept the passover upon the fourteenth day of the first month.
6:20: For the priests and the Levites were purified together, all of them were pure, and killed the passover for all the children of the captivity, and for their brethren the priests, and for themselves.
6:21: And the children of Israel, which were come again out of captivity, and all such as had separated themselves unto them from the filthiness of the heathen of the land, to seek the LORD God of Israel, did eat,
6:22: And kept the feast of unleavened bread seven days with joy: for the LORD had made them joyful, and turned the heart of the king of Assyria unto them, to strengthen their hands in the work of the house of God, the God of Israel.
7:1: Now after these things, in the reign of Artaxerxes king of Persia, Ezra the son of Seraiah, the son of Azariah, the son of Hilkiah,
7:2: The son of Shallum, the son of Zadok, the son of Ahitub,
7:3: The son of Amariah, the son of Azariah, the son of Meraioth, 
7:4: The son of Zerahiah, the son of Uzzi, the son of Bukki,
7:5: The son of Abishua, the son of Phinehas, the son of Eleazar, the son of Aaron the chief priest: 
7:6: This Ezra went up from Babylon; and he was a ready scribe in the law of Moses, which the LORD God of Israel had given: and the king granted him all his request, according to the hand of the LORD his God upon him. 
7:7: And there went up some of the children of Israel, and of the priests, and the Levites, and the singers, and the porters, and the Nethinims, unto Jerusalem, in the seventh year of Artaxerxes the king.
7:8: And he came to Jerusalem in the fifth month, which was in the seventh year of the king.
7:9: For upon the first day of the first month began he to go up from Babylon, and on the first day of the fifth month came he to Jerusalem, according to the good hand of his God upon him.
7:10: For Ezra had prepared his heart to seek the law of the LORD, and to do it, and to teach in Israel statutes and judgments.
7:11: Now this is the copy of the letter that the king Artaxerxes gave unto Ezra the priest, the scribe, even a scribe of the words of the commandments of the LORD, and of his statutes to Israel.
7:12: Artaxerxes, king of kings, unto Ezra the priest, a scribe of the law of the God of heaven, perfect peace, and at such a time.
7:13: I make a decree, that all they of the people of Israel, and of his priests and Levites, in my realm, which are minded of their own freewill to go up to Jerusalem, go with thee.
7:14: Forasmuch as thou art sent of the king, and of his seven counsellers, to enquire concerning Judah and Jerusalem, according to the law of thy God which is in thine hand;
7:15: And to carry the silver and gold, which the king and his counsellers have freely offered unto the God of Israel, whose habitation is in Jerusalem,
7:16: And all the silver and gold that thou canst find in all the province of Babylon, with the freewill offering of the people, and of the priests, offering willingly for the house of their God which is in Jerusalem:
7:17: That thou mayest buy speedily with this money bullocks, rams, lambs, with their meat offerings and their drink offerings, and offer them upon the altar of the house of your God which is in Jerusalem.
7:18: And whatsoever shall seem good to thee, and to thy brethren, to do with the rest of the silver and the gold, that do after the will of your God.
7:19: The vessels also that are given thee for the service of the house of thy God, those deliver thou before the God of Jerusalem.
7:20: And whatsoever more shall be needful for the house of thy God, which thou shalt have occasion to bestow, bestow it out of the king's treasure house.
7:21: And I, even I Artaxerxes the king, do make a decree to all the treasurers which are beyond the river, that whatsoever Ezra the priest, the scribe of the law of the God of heaven, shall require of you, it be done speedily,
7:22: Unto an hundred talents of silver, and to an hundred measures of wheat, and to an hundred baths of wine, and to an hundred baths of oil, and salt without prescribing how much.
7:23: Whatsoever is commanded by the God of heaven, let it be diligently done for the house of the God of heaven: for why should there be wrath against the realm of the king and his sons?
7:24: Also we certify you, that touching any of the priests and Levites, singers, porters, Nethinims, or ministers of this house of God, it shall not be lawful to impose toll, tribute, or custom, upon them.
7:25: And thou, Ezra, after the wisdom of thy God, that is in thine hand, set magistrates and judges, which may judge all the people that are beyond the river, all such as know the laws of thy God; and teach ye them that know them not.
7:26: And whosoever will not do the law of thy God, and the law of the king, let judgment be executed speedily upon him, whether it be unto death, or to banishment, or to confiscation of goods, or to imprisonment. 
7:27: Blessed be the LORD God of our fathers, which hath put such a thing as this in the king's heart, to beautify the house of the LORD which is in Jerusalem:
7:28: And hath extended mercy unto me before the king, and his counsellers, and before all the king's mighty princes.  And I was strengthened as the hand of the LORD my God was upon me, and I gathered together out of Israel chief men to go up with me. 
8:1: These are now the chief of their fathers, and this is the genealogy of them that went up with me from Babylon, in the reign of Artaxerxes the king.
8:2: Of the sons of Phinehas; Gershom: of the sons of Ithamar; Daniel: of the sons of David; Hattush.
8:3: Of the sons of Shechaniah, of the sons of Pharosh; Zechariah: and with him were reckoned by genealogy of the males an hundred and fifty.
8:4: Of the sons of Pahath-moab; Elihoenai the son of Zerahiah, and with him two hundred males.
8:5: Of the sons of Shechaniah; the son of Jahaziel, and with him three hundred males.
8:6: Of the sons also of Adin; Ebed the son of Jonathan, and with him fifty males.
8:7: And of the sons of Elam; Jeshaiah the son of Athaliah, and with him seventy males.
8:8: And of the sons of Shephatiah; Zebadiah the son of Michael, and with him fourscore males.
8:9: Of the sons of Joab; Obadiah the son of Jehiel, and with him two hundred and eighteen males.
8:10: And of the sons of Shelomith; the son of Josiphiah, and with him an hundred and threescore males.
8:11: And of the sons of Bebai; Zechariah the son of Bebai, and with him twenty and eight males.
8:12: And of the sons of Azgad; Johanan the son of Hakkatan, and with him an hundred and ten males.
8:13: And of the last sons of Adonikam, whose names are these, Eliphelet, Jeiel, and Shemaiah, and with them threescore males.
8:14: Of the sons also of Bigvai; Uthai, and Zabbud, and with them seventy males.
8:15: And I gathered them together to the river that runneth to Ahava; and there abode we in tents three days: and I viewed the people, and the priests, and found there none of the sons of Levi.
8:16: Then sent I for Eliezer, for Ariel, for Shemaiah, and for Elnathan, and for Jarib, and for Elnathan, and for Nathan, and for Zechariah, and for Meshullam, chief men; also for Joiarib, and for Elnathan, men of understanding.
8:17: And I sent them with commandment unto Iddo the chief at the place Casiphia, and I told them what they should say unto Iddo, and to his brethren the Nethinims, at the place Casiphia, that they should bring unto us ministers for the house of our God.
8:18: And by the good hand of our God upon us they brought us a man of understanding, of the sons of Mahli, the son of Levi, the son of Israel; and Sherebiah, with his sons and his brethren, eighteen;
8:19: And Hashabiah, and with him Jeshaiah of the sons of Merari, his brethren and their sons, twenty;
8:20: Also of the Nethinims, whom David and the princes had appointed for the service of the Levites, two hundred and twenty Nethinims: all of them were expressed by name. 
8:21: Then I proclaimed a fast there, at the river of Ahava, that we might afflict ourselves before our God, to seek of him a right way for us, and for our little ones, and for all our substance.
8:22: For I was ashamed to require of the king a band of soldiers and horsemen to help us against the enemy in the way: because we had spoken unto the king, saying, The hand of our God is upon all them for good that seek him; but his power and his wrath is against all them that forsake him. 
8:23: So we fasted and besought our God for this: and he was intreated of us. 
8:24: Then I separated twelve of the chief of the priests, Sherebiah, Hashabiah, and ten of their brethren with them,
8:25: And weighed unto them the silver, and the gold, and the vessels, even the offering of the house of our God, which the king, and his counsellers, and his lords, and all Israel there present, had offered:
8:26: I even weighed unto their hand six hundred and fifty talents of silver, and silver vessels an hundred talents, and of gold an hundred talents;
8:27: Also twenty basons of gold, of a thousand drams; and two vessels of fine copper, precious as gold.
8:28: And I said unto them, Ye are holy unto the LORD; the vessels are holy also; and the silver and the gold are a freewill offering unto the LORD God of your fathers.
8:29: Watch ye, and keep them, until ye weigh them before the chief of the priests and the Levites, and chief of the fathers of Israel, at Jerusalem, in the chambers of the house of the LORD.
8:30: So took the priests and the Levites the weight of the silver, and the gold, and the vessels, to bring them to Jerusalem unto the house of our God.
8:31: Then we departed from the river of Ahava on the twelfth day of the first month, to go unto Jerusalem: and the hand of our God was upon us, and he delivered us from the hand of the enemy, and of such as lay in wait by the way.
8:32: And we came to Jerusalem, and abode there three days.
8:33: Now on the fourth day was the silver and the gold and the vessels weighed in the house of our God by the hand of Meremoth the son of Uriah the priest; and with him was Eleazar the son of Phinehas; and with them was Jozabad the son of Jeshua, and Noadiah the son of Binnui, Levites;
8:34: By number and by weight of every one: and all the weight was written at that time.
8:35: Also the children of those that had been carried away, which were come out of the captivity, offered burnt offerings unto the God of Israel, twelve bullocks for all Israel, ninety and six rams, seventy and seven lambs, twelve he goats for a sin offering: all this was a burnt offering unto the LORD.
8:36: And they delivered the king's commissions unto the king's lieutenants, and to the governors on this side the river: and they furthered the people, and the house of God.
9:1: Now when these things were done, the princes came to me, saying, The people of Israel, and the priests, and the Levites, have not separated themselves from the people of the lands, doing according to their abominations, even of the Canaanites, the Hittites, the Perizzites, the Jebusites, the Ammonites, the Moabites, the Egyptians, and the Amorites.
9:2: For they have taken of their daughters for themselves, and for their sons: so that the holy seed have mingled themselves with the people of those lands: yea, the hand of the princes and rulers hath been chief in this trespass.
9:3: And when I heard this thing, I rent my garment and my mantle, and plucked off the hair of my head and of my beard, and sat down astonied.
9:4: Then were assembled unto me every one that trembled at the words of the God of Israel, because of the transgression of those that had been carried away; and I sat astonied until the evening sacrifice.
9:5: And at the evening sacrifice I arose up from my heaviness; and having rent my garment and my mantle, I fell upon my knees, and spread out my hands unto the LORD my God.
9:6: And said, O my God, I am ashamed and blush to lift up my face to thee, my God: for our iniquities are increased over our head, and our trespass is grown up unto the heavens. 
9:7: Since the days of our fathers have we been in a great trespass unto this day; and for our iniquities have we, our kings, and our priests, been delivered into the hand of the kings of the lands, to the sword, to captivity, and to a spoil, and to confusion of face, as it is this day.
9:8: And now for a little space grace hath been shewed from the LORD our God, to leave us a remnant to escape, and to give us a nail in his holy place, that our God may lighten our eyes, and give us a little reviving in our bondage.
9:9: For we were bondmen; yet our God hath not forsaken us in our bondage, but hath extended mercy unto us in the sight of the kings of Persia, to give us a reviving, to set up the house of our God, and to repair the desolations thereof, and to give us a wall in Judah and in Jerusalem.
9:10: And now, O our God, what shall we say after this?  for we have forsaken thy commandments,
9:11: Which thou hast commanded by thy servants the prophets, saying, The land, unto which ye go to possess it, is an unclean land with the filthiness of the people of the lands, with their abominations, which have filled it from one end to another with their uncleanness. 
9:12: Now therefore give not your daughters unto their sons, neither take their daughters unto your sons, nor seek their peace or their wealth for ever: that ye may be strong, and eat the good of the land, and leave it for an inheritance to your children for ever.
9:13: And after all that is come upon us for our evil deeds, and for our great trespass, seeing that thou our God hast punished us less than our iniquities deserve, and hast given us such deliverance as this; 
9:14: Should we again break thy commandments, and join in affinity with the people of these abominations?  wouldest not thou be angry with us till thou hadst consumed us, so that there should be no remnant nor escaping? 
9:15: O LORD God of Israel, thou art righteous: for we remain yet escaped, as it is this day: behold, we are before thee in our trespasses: for we cannot stand before thee because of this.
10:1: Now when Ezra had prayed, and when he had confessed, weeping and casting himself down before the house of God, there assembled unto him out of Israel a very great congregation of men and women and children: for the people wept very sore.
10:2: And Shechaniah the son of Jehiel, one of the sons of Elam, answered and said unto Ezra, We have trespassed against our God, and have taken strange wives of the people of the land: yet now there is hope in Israel concerning this thing.
10:3: Now therefore let us make a covenant with our God to put away all the wives, and such as are born of them, according to the counsel of my lord, and of those that tremble at the commandment of our God; and let it be done according to the law.
10:4: Arise; for this matter belongeth unto thee: we also will be with thee: be of good courage, and do it.
10:5: Then arose Ezra, and made the chief priests, the Levites, and all Israel, to swear that they should do according to this word.  And they sware.
10:6: Then Ezra rose up from before the house of God, and went into the chamber of Johanan the son of Eliashib: and when he came thither, he did eat no bread, nor drink water: for he mourned because of the transgression of them that had been carried away.
10:7: And they made proclamation throughout Judah and Jerusalem unto all the children of the captivity, that they should gather themselves together unto Jerusalem;
10:8: And that whosoever would not come within three days, according to the counsel of the princes and the elders, all his substance should be forfeited, and himself separated from the congregation of those that had been carried away.
10:9: Then all the men of Judah and Benjamin gathered themselves together unto Jerusalem within three days.  It was the ninth month, on the twentieth day of the month; and all the people sat in the street of the house of God, trembling because of this matter, and for the great rain.
10:10: And Ezra the priest stood up, and said unto them, Ye have transgressed, and have taken strange wives, to increase the trespass of Israel.
10:11: Now therefore make confession unto the LORD God of your fathers, and do his pleasure: and separate yourselves from the people of the land, and from the strange wives.
10:12: Then all the congregation answered and said with a loud voice, As thou hast said, so must we do.
10:13: But the people are many, and it is a time of much rain, and we are not able to stand without, neither is this a work of one day or two: for we are many that have transgressed in this thing.
10:14: Let now our rulers of all the congregation stand, and let all them which have taken strange wives in our cities come at appointed times, and with them the elders of every city, and the judges thereof, until the fierce wrath of our God for this matter be turned from us.
10:15: Only Jonathan the son of Asahel and Jahaziah the son of Tikvah were employed about this matter: and Meshullam and Shabbethai the Levite helped them.
10:16: And the children of the captivity did so.  And Ezra the priest, with certain chief of the fathers, after the house of their fathers, and all of them by their names, were separated, and sat down in the first day of the tenth month to examine the matter.
10:17: And they made an end with all the men that had taken strange wives by the first day of the first month.
10:18: And among the sons of the priests there were found that had taken strange wives: namely, of the sons of Jeshua the son of Jozadak, and his brethren; Maaseiah, and Eliezer, and Jarib, and Gedaliah. 
10:19: And they gave their hands that they would put away their wives; and being guilty, they offered a ram of the flock for their trespass.
10:20: And of the sons of Immer; Hanani, and Zebadiah. 
10:21: And of the sons of Harim; Maaseiah, and Elijah, and Shemaiah, and Jehiel, and Uzziah. 
10:22: And of the sons of Pashur; Elioenai, Maaseiah, Ishmael, Nethaneel, Jozabad, and Elasah.
10:23: Also of the Levites; Jozabad, and Shimei, and Kelaiah, (the same is Kelita,) Pethahiah, Judah, and Eliezer.
10:24: Of the singers also; Eliashib: and of the porters; Shallum, and Telem, and Uri.
10:25: Moreover of Israel: of the sons of Parosh; Ramiah, and Jeziah, and Malchiah, and Miamin, and Eleazar, and Malchijah, and Benaiah.
10:26: And of the sons of Elam; Mattaniah, Zechariah, and Jehiel, and Abdi, and Jeremoth, and Eliah.
10:27: And of the sons of Zattu; Elioenai, Eliashib, Mattaniah, and Jeremoth, and Zabad, and Aziza.
10:28: Of the sons also of Bebai; Jehohanan, Hananiah, Zabbai, and Athlai.
10:29: And of the sons of Bani; Meshullam, Malluch, and Adaiah, Jashub, and Sheal, and Ramoth.
10:30: And of the sons of Pahath-moab; Adna, and Chelal, Benaiah, Maaseiah, Mattaniah, Bezaleel, and Binnui, and Manasseh.
10:31: And of the sons of Harim; Eliezer, Ishijah, Malchiah, Shemaiah, Shimeon,
10:32: Benjamin, Malluch, and Shemariah.
10:33: Of the sons of Hashum; Mattenai, Mattathah, Zabad, Eliphelet, Jeremai, Manasseh, and Shimei.
10:34: Of the sons of Bani; Maadai, Amram, and Uel,
10:35: Benaiah, Bedeiah, Chelluh,
10:36: Vaniah, Meremoth, Eliashib,
10:37: Mattaniah, Mattenai, and Jaasau,
10:38: And Bani, and Binnui, Shimei,
10:39: And Shelemiah, and Nathan, and Adaiah,
10:40: Machnadebai, Shashai, Sharai,
10:41: Azareel, and Shelemiah, Shemariah, 
10:42: Shallum, Amariah, and Joseph.
10:43: Of the sons of Nebo; Jeiel, Mattithiah, Zabad, Zebina, Jadau, and Joel, Benaiah. 
10:44: All these had taken strange wives: and some of them had wives by whom they had children. 

NEHEMIAH
1:1: The words of Nehemiah the son of Hachaliah.  And it came to pass in the month Chisleu, in the twentieth year, as I was in Shushan the palace,
1:2: That Hanani, one of my brethren, came, he and certain men of Judah; and I asked them concerning the Jews that had escaped, which were left of the captivity, and concerning Jerusalem.
1:3: And they said unto me, The remnant that are left of the captivity there in the province are in great affliction and reproach: the wall of Jerusalem also is broken down, and the gates thereof are burned with fire.
1:4: And it came to pass, when I heard these words, that I sat down and wept, and mourned certain days, and fasted, and prayed before the God of heaven,
1:5: And said, I beseech thee, O LORD God of heaven, the great and terrible God, that keepeth covenant and mercy for them that love him and observe his commandments:
1:6: Let thine ear now be attentive, and thine eyes open, that thou mayest hear the prayer of thy servant, which I pray before thee now, day and night, for the children of Israel thy servants, and confess the sins of the children of Israel, which we have sinned against thee: both I and my father's house have sinned.
1:7: We have dealt very corruptly against thee, and have not kept the commandments, nor the statutes, nor the judgments, which thou commandedst thy servant Moses.
1:8: Remember, I beseech thee, the word that thou commandedst thy servant Moses, saying, If ye transgress, I will scatter you abroad among the nations:
1:9: But if ye turn unto me, and keep my commandments, and do them; though there were of you cast out unto the uttermost part of the heaven, yet will I gather them from thence, and will bring them unto the place that I have chosen to set my name there.
1:10: Now these are thy servants and thy people, whom thou hast redeemed by thy great power, and by thy strong hand.
1:11: O Lord, I beseech thee, let now thine ear be attentive to the prayer of thy servant, and to the prayer of thy servants, who desire to fear thy name: and prosper, I pray thee, thy servant this day, and grant him mercy in the sight of this man.  For I was the king's cupbearer.
2:1: And it came to pass in the month Nisan, in the twentieth year of Artaxerxes the king, that wine was before him: and I took up the wine, and gave it unto the king.  Now I had not been beforetime sad in his presence.
2:2: Wherefore the king said unto me, Why is thy countenance sad, seeing thou art not sick?  this is nothing else but sorrow of heart.  Then I was very sore afraid,
2:3: And said unto the king, Let the king live for ever: why should not my countenance be sad, when the city, the place of my fathers' sepulchres, lieth waste, and the gates thereof are consumed with fire?
2:4: Then the king said unto me, For what dost thou make request?  So I prayed to the God of heaven.
2:5: And I said unto the king, If it please the king, and if thy servant have found favour in thy sight, that thou wouldest send me unto Judah, unto the city of my fathers' sepulchres, that I may build it. 
2:6: And the king said unto me, (the queen also sitting by him,) For how long shall thy journey be?  and when wilt thou return?  So it pleased the king to send me; and I set him a time.
2:7: Moreover I said unto the king, If it please the king, let letters be given me to the governors beyond the river, that they may convey me over till I come into Judah; 
2:8: And a letter unto Asaph the keeper of the king's forest, that he may give me timber to make beams for the gates of the palace which appertained to the house, and for the wall of the city, and for the house that I shall enter into.  And the king granted me, according to the good hand of my God upon me. 
2:9: Then I came to the governors beyond the river, and gave them the king's letters.  Now the king had sent captains of the army and horsemen with me.
2:10: When Sanballat the Horonite, and Tobiah the servant, the Ammonite, heard of it, it grieved them exceedingly that there was come a man to seek the welfare of the children of Israel.
2:11: So I came to Jerusalem, and was there three days.
2:12: And I arose in the night, I and some few men with me; neither told I any man what my God had put in my heart to do at Jerusalem: neither was there any beast with me, save the beast that I rode upon.
2:13: And I went out by night by the gate of the valley, even before the dragon well, and to the dung port, and viewed the walls of Jerusalem, which were broken down, and the gates thereof were consumed with fire.
2:14: Then I went on to the gate of the fountain, and to the king's pool: but there was no place for the beast that was under me to pass.
2:15: Then went I up in the night by the brook, and viewed the wall, and turned back, and entered by the gate of the valley, and so returned.
2:16: And the rulers knew not whither I went, or what I did; neither had I as yet told it to the Jews, nor to the priests, nor to the nobles, nor to the rulers, nor to the rest that did the work. 
2:17: Then said I unto them, Ye see the distress that we are in, how Jerusalem lieth waste, and the gates thereof are burned with fire: come, and let us build up the wall of Jerusalem, that we be no more a reproach.
2:18: Then I told them of the hand of my God which was good upon me; as also the king's words that he had spoken unto me.  And they said, Let us rise up and build.  So they strengthened their hands for this good work. 
2:19: But when Sanballat the Horonite, and Tobiah the servant, the Ammonite, and Geshem the Arabian, heard it, they laughed us to scorn, and despised us, and said, What is this thing that ye do?  will ye rebel against the king? 
2:20: Then answered I them, and said unto them, The God of heaven, he will prosper us; therefore we his servants will arise and build: but ye have no portion, nor right, nor memorial, in Jerusalem.
3:1: Then Eliashib the high priest rose up with his brethren the priests, and they builded the sheep gate; they sanctified it, and set up the doors of it; even unto the tower of Meah they sanctified it, unto the tower of Hananeel.
3:2: And next unto him builded the men of Jericho.  And next to them builded Zaccur the son of Imri.
3:3: But the fish gate did the sons of Hassenaah build, who also laid the beams thereof, and set up the doors thereof, the locks thereof, and the bars thereof.
3:4: And next unto them repaired Meremoth the son of Urijah, the son of Koz.  And next unto them repaired Meshullam the son of Berechiah, the son of Meshezabeel.  And next unto them repaired Zadok the son of Baana.
3:5: And next unto them the Tekoites repaired; but their nobles put not their necks to the work of their Lord.
3:6: Moreover the old gate repaired Jehoiada the son of Paseah, and Meshullam the son of Besodeiah; they laid the beams thereof, and set up the doors thereof, and the locks thereof, and the bars thereof.
3:7: And next unto them repaired Melatiah the Gibeonite, and Jadon the Meronothite, the men of Gibeon, and of Mizpah, unto the throne of the governor on this side the river.
3:8: Next unto him repaired Uzziel the son of Harhaiah, of the goldsmiths.  Next unto him also repaired Hananiah the son of one of the apothecaries, and they fortified Jerusalem unto the broad wall.
3:9: And next unto them repaired Rephaiah the son of Hur, the ruler of the half part of Jerusalem.
3:10: And next unto them repaired Jedaiah the son of Harumaph, even over against his house.  And next unto him repaired Hattush the son of Hashabniah.
3:11: Malchijah the son of Harim, and Hashub the son of Pahath-moab, repaired the other piece, and the tower of the furnaces.
3:12: And next unto him repaired Shallum the son of Halohesh, the ruler of the half part of Jerusalem, he and his daughters.
3:13: The valley gate repaired Hanun, and the inhabitants of Zanoah; they built it, and set up the doors thereof, the locks thereof, and the bars thereof, and a thousand cubits on the wall unto the dung gate.
3:14: But the dung gate repaired Malchiah the son of Rechab, the ruler of part of Beth-haccerem; he built it, and set up the doors thereof, the locks thereof, and the bars thereof.
3:15: But the gate of the fountain repaired Shallun the son of Col-hozeh, the ruler of part of Mizpah; he built it, and covered it, and set up the doors thereof, the locks thereof, and the bars thereof, and the wall of the pool of Siloah by the king's garden, and unto the stairs that go down from the city of David.
3:16: After him repaired Nehemiah the son of Azbuk, the ruler of the half part of Beth-zur, unto the place over against the sepulchres of David, and to the pool that was made, and unto the house of the mighty.
3:17: After him repaired the Levites, Rehum the son of Bani.  Next unto him repaired Hashabiah, the ruler of the half part of Keilah, in his part.
3:18: After him repaired their brethren, Bavai the son of Henadad, the ruler of the half part of Keilah. 
3:19: And next to him repaired Ezer the son of Jeshua, the ruler of Mizpah, another piece over against the going up to the armoury at the turning of the wall.
3:20: After him Baruch the son of Zabbai earnestly repaired the other piece, from the turning of the wall unto the door of the house of Eliashib the high priest. 
3:21: After him repaired Meremoth the son of Urijah the son of Koz another piece, from the door of the house of Eliashib even to the end of the house of Eliashib. 
3:22: And after him repaired the priests, the men of the plain.
3:23: After him repaired Benjamin and Hashub over against their house.  After him repaired Azariah the son of Maaseiah the son of Ananiah by his house.
3:24: After him repaired Binnui the son of Henadad another piece, from the house of Azariah unto the turning of the wall, even unto the corner.
3:25: Palal the son of Uzai, over against the turning of the wall, and the tower which lieth out from the king's high house, that was by the court of the prison.  After him Pedaiah the son of Parosh.
3:26: Moreover the Nethinims dwelt in Ophel, unto the place over against the water gate toward the east, and the tower that lieth out.
3:27: After them the Tekoites repaired another piece, over against the great tower that lieth out, even unto the wall of Ophel.
3:28: From above the horse gate repaired the priests, every one over against his house.
3:29: After them repaired Zadok the son of Immer over against his house.  After him repaired also Shemaiah the son of Shechaniah, the keeper of the east gate.
3:30: After him repaired Hananiah the son of Shelemiah, and Hanun the sixth son of Zalaph, another piece.  After him repaired Meshullam the son of Berechiah over against his chamber.
3:31: After him repaired Malchiah the goldsmith's son unto the place of the Nethinims, and of the merchants, over against the gate Miphkad, and to the going up of the corner.
3:32: And between the going up of the corner unto the sheep gate repaired the goldsmiths and the merchants.
4:1: But it came to pass, that when Sanballat heard that we builded the wall, he was wroth, and took great indignation, and mocked the Jews.
4:2: And he spake before his brethren and the army of Samaria, and said, What do these feeble Jews?  will they fortify themselves?  will they sacrifice?  will they make an end in a day?  will they revive the stones out of the heaps of the rubbish which are burned?
4:3: Now Tobiah the Ammonite was by him, and he said, Even that which they build, if a fox go up, he shall even break down their stone wall.
4:4: Hear, O our God; for we are despised: and turn their reproach upon their own head, and give them for a prey in the land of captivity:
4:5: And cover not their iniquity, and let not their sin be blotted out from before thee: for they have provoked thee to anger before the builders.
4:6: So built we the wall; and all the wall was joined together unto the half thereof: for the people had a mind to work.
4:7: But it came to pass, that when Sanballat, and Tobiah, and the Arabians, and the Ammonites, and the Ashdodites, heard that the walls of Jerusalem were made up, and that the breaches began to be stopped, then they were very wroth,
4:8: And conspired all of them together to come and to fight against Jerusalem, and to hinder it. 
4:9: Nevertheless we made our prayer unto our God, and set a watch against them day and night, because of them.
4:10: And Judah said, The strength of the bearers of burdens is decayed, and there is much rubbish; so that we are not able to build the wall. 
4:11: And our adversaries said, They shall not know, neither see, till we come in the midst among them, and slay them, and cause the work to cease. 
4:12: And it came to pass, that when the Jews which dwelt by them came, they said unto us ten times, From all places whence ye shall return unto us they will be upon you.
4:13: Therefore set I in the lower places behind the wall, and on the higher places, I even set the people after their families with their swords, their spears, and their bows.
4:14: And I looked, and rose up, and said unto the nobles, and to the rulers, and to the rest of the people, Be not ye afraid of them: remember the Lord, which is great and terrible, and fight for your brethren, your sons, and your daughters, your wives, and your houses.
4:15: And it came to pass, when our enemies heard that it was known unto us, and God had brought their counsel to nought, that we returned all of us to the wall, every one unto his work.
4:16: And it came to pass from that time forth, that the half of my servants wrought in the work, and the other half of them held both the spears, the shields, and the bows, and the habergeons; and the rulers were behind all the house of Judah.
4:17: They which builded on the wall, and they that bare burdens, with those that laded, every one with one of his hands wrought in the work, and with the other hand held a weapon.
4:18: For the builders, every one had his sword girded by his side, and so builded.  And he that sounded the trumpet was by me.
4:19: And I said unto the nobles, and to the rulers, and to the rest of the people, The work is great and large, and we are separated upon the wall, one far from another.
4:20: In what place therefore ye hear the sound of the trumpet, resort ye thither unto us: our God shall fight for us.
4:21: So we laboured in the work: and half of them held the spears from the rising of the morning till the stars appeared.
4:22: Likewise at the same time said I unto the people, Let every one with his servant lodge within Jerusalem, that in the night they may be a guard to us, and labour on the day.
4:23: So neither I, nor my brethren, nor my servants, nor the men of the guard which followed me, none of us put off our clothes, saving that every one put them off for washing.
5:1: And there was a great cry of the people and of their wives against their brethren the Jews.
5:2: For there were that said, We, our sons, and our daughters, are many: therefore we take up corn for them, that we may eat, and live.
5:3: Some also there were that said, We have mortgaged our lands, vineyards, and houses, that we might buy corn, because of the dearth.
5:4: There were also that said, We have borrowed money for the king's tribute, and that upon our lands and vineyards.
5:5: Yet now our flesh is as the flesh of our brethren, our children as their children: and, lo, we bring into bondage our sons and our daughters to be servants, and some of our daughters are brought unto bondage already: neither is it in our power to redeem them; for other men have our lands and vineyards.
5:6: And I was very angry when I heard their cry and these words.
5:7: Then I consulted with myself, and I rebuked the nobles, and the rulers, and said unto them, Ye exact usury, every one of his brother.  And I set a great assembly against them.
5:8: And I said unto them, We after our ability have redeemed our brethren the Jews, which were sold unto the heathen; and will ye even sell your brethren?  or shall they be sold unto us?  Then held they their peace, and found nothing to answer.
5:9: Also I said, It is not good that ye do: ought ye not to walk in the fear of our God because of the reproach of the heathen our enemies?
5:10: I likewise, and my brethren, and my servants, might exact of them money and corn: I pray you, let us leave off this usury.
5:11: Restore, I pray you, to them, even this day, their lands, their vineyards, their oliveyards, and their houses, also the hundredth part of the money, and of the corn, the wine, and the oil, that ye exact of them. 
5:12: Then said they, We will restore them, and will require nothing of them; so will we do as thou sayest.  Then I called the priests, and took an oath of them, that they should do according to this promise.
5:13: Also I shook my lap, and said, So God shake out every man from his house, and from his labour, that performeth not this promise, even thus be he shaken out, and emptied.  And all the congregation said, Amen, and praised the LORD.  And the people did according to this promise. 
5:14: Moreover from the time that I was appointed to be their governor in the land of Judah, from the twentieth year even unto the two and thirtieth year of Artaxerxes the king, that is, twelve years, I and my brethren have not eaten the bread of the governor. 
5:15: But the former governors that had been before me were chargeable unto the people, and had taken of them bread and wine, beside forty shekels of silver; yea, even their servants bare rule over the people: but so did not I, because of the fear of God.
5:16: Yea, also I continued in the work of this wall, neither bought we any land: and all my servants were gathered thither unto the work.
5:17: Moreover there were at my table an hundred and fifty of the Jews and rulers, beside those that came unto us from among the heathen that are about us.
5:18: Now that which was prepared for me daily was one ox and six choice sheep; also fowls were prepared for me, and once in ten days store of all sorts of wine: yet for all this required not I the bread of the governor, because the bondage was heavy upon this people.
5:19: Think upon me, my God, for good, according to all that I have done for this people.
6:1: Now it came to pass, when Sanballat, and Tobiah, and Geshem the Arabian, and the rest of our enemies, heard that I had builded the wall, and that there was no breach left therein; (though at that time I had not set up the doors upon the gates;)
6:2: That Sanballat and Geshem sent unto me, saying, Come, let us meet together in some one of the villages in the plain of Ono.  But they thought to do me mischief.
6:3: And I sent messengers unto them, saying, I am doing a great work, so that I cannot come down: why should the work cease, whilst I leave it, and come down to you?
6:4: Yet they sent unto me four times after this sort; and I answered them after the same manner.
6:5: Then sent Sanballat his servant unto me in like manner the fifth time with an open letter in his hand;
6:6: Wherein was written, It is reported among the heathen, and Gashmu saith it, that thou and the Jews think to rebel: for which cause thou buildest the wall, that thou mayest be their king, according to these words.
6:7: And thou hast also appointed prophets to preach of thee at Jerusalem, saying, There is a king in Judah: and now shall it be reported to the king according to these words.  Come now therefore, and let us take counsel together.
6:8: Then I sent unto him, saying, There are no such things done as thou sayest, but thou feignest them out of thine own heart.
6:9: For they all made us afraid, saying, Their hands shall be weakened from the work, that it be not done.  Now therefore, O God, strengthen my hands.
6:10: Afterward I came unto the house of Shemaiah the son of Delaiah the son of Mehetabeel, who was shut up; and he said, Let us meet together in the house of God, within the temple, and let us shut the doors of the temple: for they will come to slay thee; yea, in the night will they come to slay thee.
6:11: And I said, Should such a man as I flee?  and who is there, that, being as I am, would go into the temple to save his life?  I will not go in.
6:12: And, lo, I perceived that God had not sent him; but that he pronounced this prophecy against me: for Tobiah and Sanballat had hired him.
6:13: Therefore was he hired, that I should be afraid, and do so, and sin, and that they might have matter for an evil report, that they might reproach me.
6:14: My God, think thou upon Tobiah and Sanballat according to these their works, and on the prophetess Noadiah, and the rest of the prophets, that would have put me in fear. 
6:15: So the wall was finished in the twenty and fifth day of the month Elul, in fifty and two days.
6:16: And it came to pass, that when all our enemies heard thereof, and all the heathen that were about us saw these things, they were much cast down in their own eyes: for they perceived that this work was wrought of our God. 
6:17: Moreover in those days the nobles of Judah sent many letters unto Tobiah, and the letters of Tobiah came unto them. 
6:18: For there were many in Judah sworn unto him, because he was the son in law of Shechaniah the son of Arah; and his son Johanan had taken the daughter of Meshullam the son of Berechiah.
6:19: Also they reported his good deeds before me, and uttered my words to him.  And Tobiah sent letters to put me in fear.
7:1: Now it came to pass, when the wall was built, and I had set up the doors, and the porters and the singers and the Levites were appointed,
7:2: That I gave my brother Hanani, and Hananiah the ruler of the palace, charge over Jerusalem: for he was a faithful man, and feared God above many.
7:3: And I said unto them, Let not the gates of Jerusalem be opened until the sun be hot; and while they stand by, let them shut the doors, and bar them: and appoint watches of the inhabitants of Jerusalem, every one in his watch, and every one to be over against his house.
7:4: Now the city was large and great: but the people were few therein, and the houses were not builded.
7:5: And my God put into mine heart to gather together the nobles, and the rulers, and the people, that they might be reckoned by genealogy.  And I found a register of the genealogy of them which came up at the first, and found written therein,
7:6: These are the children of the province, that went up out of the captivity, of those that had been carried away, whom Nebuchadnezzar the king of Babylon had carried away, and came again to Jerusalem and to Judah, every one unto his city;
7:7: Who came with Zerubbabel, Jeshua, Nehemiah, Azariah, Raamiah, Nahamani, Mordecai, Bilshan, Mispereth, Bigvai, Nehum, Baanah.  The number, I say, of the men of the people of Israel was this;
7:8: The children of Parosh, two thousand an hundred seventy and two.
7:9: The children of Shephatiah, three hundred seventy and two.
7:10: The children of Arah, six hundred fifty and two.
7:11: The children of Pahath-moab, of the children of Jeshua and Joab, two thousand and eight hundred and eighteen.
7:12: The children of Elam, a thousand two hundred fifty and four.
7:13: The children of Zattu, eight hundred forty and five.
7:14: The children of Zaccai, seven hundred and threescore.
7:15: The children of Binnui, six hundred forty and eight.
7:16: The children of Bebai, six hundred twenty and eight.
7:17: The children of Azgad, two thousand three hundred twenty and two. 
7:18: The children of Adonikam, six hundred threescore and seven.
7:19: The children of Bigvai, two thousand threescore and seven. 
7:20: The children of Adin, six hundred fifty and five. 
7:21: The children of Ater of Hezekiah, ninety and eight.
7:22: The children of Hashum, three hundred twenty and eight.
7:23: The children of Bezai, three hundred twenty and four.
7:24: The children of Hariph, an hundred and twelve.
7:25: The children of Gibeon, ninety and five.
7:26: The men of Bethlehem and Netophah, an hundred fourscore and eight.
7:27: The men of Anathoth, an hundred twenty and eight.
7:28: The men of Beth-azmaveth, forty and two.
7:29: The men of Kirjath-jearim, Chephirah, and Beeroth, seven hundred forty and three.
7:30: The men of Ramah and Geba, six hundred twenty and one.
7:31: The men of Michmas, an hundred and twenty and two.
7:32: The men of Bethel and Ai, an hundred twenty and three.
7:33: The men of the other Nebo, fifty and two.
7:34: The children of the other Elam, a thousand two hundred fifty and four.
7:35: The children of Harim, three hundred and twenty.
7:36: The children of Jericho, three hundred forty and five.
7:37: The children of Lod, Hadid, and Ono, seven hundred twenty and one.
7:38: The children of Senaah, three thousand nine hundred and thirty.
7:39: The priests: the children of Jedaiah, of the house of Jeshua, nine hundred seventy and three.
7:40: The children of Immer, a thousand fifty and two. 
7:41: The children of Pashur, a thousand two hundred forty and seven.
7:42: The children of Harim, a thousand and seventeen. 
7:43: The Levites: the children of Jeshua, of Kadmiel, and of the children of Hodevah, seventy and four. 
7:44: The singers: the children of Asaph, an hundred forty and eight.
7:45: The porters: the children of Shallum, the children of Ater, the children of Talmon, the children of Akkub, the children of Hatita, the children of Shobai, an hundred thirty and eight.
7:46: The Nethinims: the children of Ziha, the children of Hashupha, the children of Tabbaoth,
7:47: The children of Keros, the children of Sia, the children of Padon,
7:48: The children of Lebana, the children of Hagaba, the children of Shalmai,
7:49: The children of Hanan, the children of Giddel, the children of Gahar,
7:50: The children of Reaiah, the children of Rezin, the children of Nekoda,
7:51: The children of Gazzam, the children of Uzza, the children of Phaseah,
7:52: The children of Besai, the children of Meunim, the children of Nephishesim,
7:53: The children of Bakbuk, the children of Hakupha, the children of Harhur,
7:54: The children of Bazlith, the children of Mehida, the children of Harsha,
7:55: The children of Barkos, the children of Sisera, the children of Tamah,
7:56: The children of Neziah, the children of Hatipha.
7:57: The children of Solomon's servants: the children of Sotai, the children of Sophereth, the children of Perida,
7:58: The children of Jaala, the children of Darkon, the children of Giddel,
7:59: The children of Shephatiah, the children of Hattil, the children of Pochereth of Zebaim, the children of Amon.
7:60: All the Nethinims, and the children of Solomon's servants, were three hundred ninety and two.
7:61: And these were they which went up also from Telmelah, Telharesha, Cherub, Addon, and Immer: but they could not shew their father's house, nor their seed, whether they were of Israel.
7:62: The children of Delaiah, the children of Tobiah, the children of Nekoda, six hundred forty and two.
7:63: And of the priests: the children of Habaiah, the children of Koz, the children of Barzillai, which took one of the daughters of Barzillai the Gileadite to wife, and was called after their name. 
7:64: These sought their register among those that were reckoned by genealogy, but it was not found: therefore were they, as polluted, put from the priesthood.
7:65: And the Tirshatha said unto them, that they should not eat of the most holy things, till there stood up a priest with Urim and Thummim.
7:66: The whole congregation together was forty and two thousand three hundred and threescore,
7:67: Beside their manservants and their maidservants, of whom there were seven thousand three hundred thirty and seven: and they had two hundred forty and five singing men and singing women.
7:68: Their horses, seven hundred thirty and six: their mules, two hundred forty and five:
7:69: Their camels, four hundred thirty and five: six thousand seven hundred and twenty asses. 
7:70: And some of the chief of the fathers gave unto the work.  The Tirshatha gave to the treasure a thousand drams of gold, fifty basons, five hundred and thirty priests' garments.
7:71: And some of the chief of the fathers gave to the treasure of the work twenty thousand drams of gold, and two thousand and two hundred pound of silver. 
7:72: And that which the rest of the people gave was twenty thousand drams of gold, and two thousand pound of silver, and threescore and seven priests' garments. 
7:73: So the priests, and the Levites, and the porters, and the singers, and some of the people, and the Nethinims, and all Israel, dwelt in their cities; and when the seventh month came, the children of Israel were in their cities.
8:1: And all the people gathered themselves together as one man into the street that was before the water gate; and they spake unto Ezra the scribe to bring the book of the law of Moses, which the LORD had commanded to Israel.
8:2: And Ezra the priest brought the law before the congregation both of men and women, and all that could hear with understanding, upon the first day of the seventh month.
8:3: And he read therein before the street that was before the water gate from the morning until midday, before the men and the women, and those that could understand; and the ears of all the people were attentive unto the book of the law.
8:4: And Ezra the scribe stood upon a pulpit of wood, which they had made for the purpose; and beside him stood Mattithiah, and Shema, and Anaiah, and Urijah, and Hilkiah, and Maaseiah, on his right hand; and on his left hand, Pedaiah, and Mishael, and Malchiah, and Hashum, and Hashbadana, Zechariah, and Meshullam.
8:5: And Ezra opened the book in the sight of all the people; (for he was above all the people;) and when he opened it, all the people stood up:
8:6: And Ezra blessed the LORD, the great God.  And all the people answered, Amen, Amen, with lifting up their hands: and they bowed their heads, and worshipped the LORD with their faces to the ground.
8:7: Also Jeshua, and Bani, and Sherebiah, Jamin, Akkub, Shabbethai, Hodijah, Maaseiah, Kelita, Azariah, Jozabad, Hanan, Pelaiah, and the Levites, caused the people to understand the law: and the people stood in their place.
8:8: So they read in the book in the law of God distinctly, and gave the sense, and caused them to understand the reading.
8:9: And Nehemiah, which is the Tirshatha, and Ezra the priest the scribe, and the Levites that taught the people, said unto all the people, This day is holy unto the LORD your God; mourn not, nor weep.  For all the people wept, when they heard the words of the law.
8:10: Then he said unto them, Go your way, eat the fat, and drink the sweet, and send portions unto them for whom nothing is prepared: for this day is holy unto our Lord: neither be ye sorry; for the joy of the LORD is your strength.
8:11: So the Levites stilled all the people, saying, Hold your peace, for the day is holy; neither be ye grieved.
8:12: And all the people went their way to eat, and to drink, and to send portions, and to make great mirth, because they had understood the words that were declared unto them.
8:13: And on the second day were gathered together the chief of the fathers of all the people, the priests, and the Levites, unto Ezra the scribe, even to understand the words of the law.
8:14: And they found written in the law which the LORD had commanded by Moses, that the children of Israel should dwell in booths in the feast of the seventh month:
8:15: And that they should publish and proclaim in all their cities, and in Jerusalem, saying, Go forth unto the mount, and fetch olive branches, and pine branches, and myrtle branches, and palm branches, and branches of thick trees, to make booths, as it is written.
8:16: So the people went forth, and brought them, and made themselves booths, every one upon the roof of his house, and in their courts, and in the courts of the house of God, and in the street of the water gate, and in the street of the gate of Ephraim.
8:17: And all the congregation of them that were come again out of the captivity made booths, and sat under the booths: for since the days of Jeshua the son of Nun unto that day had not the children of Israel done so.  And there was very great gladness.
8:18: Also day by day, from the first day unto the last day, he read in the book of the law of God.  And they kept the feast seven days; and on the eighth day was a solemn assembly, according unto the manner. 
9:1: Now in the twenty and fourth day of this month the children of Israel were assembled with fasting, and with sackclothes, and earth upon them. 
9:2: And the seed of Israel separated themselves from all strangers, and stood and confessed their sins, and the iniquities of their fathers. 
9:3: And they stood up in their place, and read in the book of the law of the LORD their God one fourth part of the day; and another fourth part they confessed, and worshipped the LORD their God.
9:4: Then stood up upon the stairs, of the Levites, Jeshua, and Bani, Kadmiel, Shebaniah, Bunni, Sherebiah, Bani, and Chenani, and cried with a loud voice unto the LORD their God.
9:5: Then the Levites, Jeshua, and Kadmiel, Bani, Hashabniah, Sherebiah, Hodijah, Shebaniah, and Pethahiah, said, Stand up and bless the LORD your God for ever and ever: and blessed be thy glorious name, which is exalted above all blessing and praise.
9:6: Thou, even thou, art LORD alone; thou hast made heaven, the heaven of heavens, with all their host, the earth, and all things that are therein, the seas, and all that is therein, and thou preservest them all; and the host of heaven worshippeth thee.
9:7: Thou art the LORD the God, who didst choose Abram, and broughtest him forth out of Ur of the Chaldees, and gavest him the name of Abraham;
9:8: And foundest his heart faithful before thee, and madest a covenant with him to give the land of the Canaanites, the Hittites, the Amorites, and the Perizzites, and the Jebusites, and the Girgashites, to give it, I say, to his seed, and hast performed thy words; for thou art righteous:
9:9: And didst see the affliction of our fathers in Egypt, and heardest their cry by the Red sea;
9:10: And shewedst signs and wonders upon Pharaoh, and on all his servants, and on all the people of his land: for thou knewest that they dealt proudly against them.  So didst thou get thee a name, as it is this day.
9:11: And thou didst divide the sea before them, so that they went through the midst of the sea on the dry land; and their persecutors thou threwest into the deeps, as a stone into the mighty waters.
9:12: Moreover thou leddest them in the day by a cloudy pillar; and in the night by a pillar of fire, to give them light in the way wherein they should go.
9:13: Thou camest down also upon mount Sinai, and spakest with them from heaven, and gavest them right judgments, and true laws, good statutes and commandments:
9:14: And madest known unto them thy holy sabbath, and commandedst them precepts, statutes, and laws, by the hand of Moses thy servant:
9:15: And gavest them bread from heaven for their hunger, and broughtest forth water for them out of the rock for their thirst, and promisedst them that they should go in to possess the land which thou hadst sworn to give them.
9:16: But they and our fathers dealt proudly, and hardened their necks, and hearkened not to thy commandments,
9:17: And refused to obey, neither were mindful of thy wonders that thou didst among them; but hardened their necks, and in their rebellion appointed a captain to return to their bondage: but thou art a God ready to pardon, gracious and merciful, slow to anger, and of great kindness, and forsookest them not.
9:18: Yea, when they had made them a molten calf, and said, This is thy God that brought thee up out of Egypt, and had wrought great provocations;
9:19: Yet thou in thy manifold mercies forsookest them not in the wilderness: the pillar of the cloud departed not from them by day, to lead them in the way; neither the pillar of fire by night, to shew them light, and the way wherein they should go.
9:20: Thou gavest also thy good spirit to instruct them, and withheldest not thy manna from their mouth, and gavest them water for their thirst.
9:21: Yea, forty years didst thou sustain them in the wilderness, so that they lacked nothing; their clothes waxed not old, and their feet swelled not.
9:22: Moreover thou gavest them kingdoms and nations, and didst divide them into corners: so they possessed the land of Sihon, and the land of the king of Heshbon, and the land of Og king of Bashan. 
9:23: Their children also multipliedst thou as the stars of heaven, and broughtest them into the land, concerning which thou hadst promised to their fathers, that they should go in to possess it.
9:24: So the children went in and possessed the land, and thou subduedst before them the inhabitants of the land, the Canaanites, and gavest them into their hands, with their kings, and the people of the land, that they might do with them as they would. 
9:25: And they took strong cities, and a fat land, and possessed houses full of all goods, wells digged, vineyards, and oliveyards, and fruit trees in abundance: so they did eat, and were filled, and became fat, and delighted themselves in thy great goodness. 
9:26: Nevertheless they were disobedient, and rebelled against thee, and cast thy law behind their backs, and slew thy prophets which testified against them to turn them to thee, and they wrought great provocations.
9:27: Therefore thou deliveredst them into the hand of their enemies, who vexed them: and in the time of their trouble, when they cried unto thee, thou heardest them from heaven; and according to thy manifold mercies thou gavest them saviours, who saved them out of the hand of their enemies.
9:28: But after they had rest, they did evil again before thee: therefore leftest thou them in the hand of their enemies, so that they had the dominion over them: yet when they returned, and cried unto thee, thou heardest them from heaven; and many times didst thou deliver them according to thy mercies;
9:29: And testifiedst against them, that thou mightest bring them again unto thy law: yet they dealt proudly, and hearkened not unto thy commandments, but sinned against thy judgments, (which if a man do, he shall live in them;) and withdrew the shoulder, and hardened their neck, and would not hear.
9:30: Yet many years didst thou forbear them, and testifiedst against them by thy spirit in thy prophets: yet would they not give ear: therefore gavest thou them into the hand of the people of the lands.
9:31: Nevertheless for thy great mercies' sake thou didst not utterly consume them, nor forsake them; for thou art a gracious and merciful God.
9:32: Now therefore, our God, the great, the mighty, and the terrible God, who keepest covenant and mercy, let not all the trouble seem little before thee, that hath come upon us, on our kings, on our princes, and on our priests, and on our prophets, and on our fathers, and on all thy people, since the time of the kings of Assyria unto this day.
9:33: Howbeit thou art just in all that is brought upon us; for thou hast done right, but we have done wickedly:
9:34: Neither have our kings, our princes, our priests, nor our fathers, kept thy law, nor hearkened unto thy commandments and thy testimonies, wherewith thou didst testify against them.
9:35: For they have not served thee in their kingdom, and in thy great goodness that thou gavest them, and in the large and fat land which thou gavest before them, neither turned they from their wicked works.
9:36: Behold, we are servants this day, and for the land that thou gavest unto our fathers to eat the fruit thereof and the good thereof, behold, we are servants in it:
9:37: And it yieldeth much increase unto the kings whom thou hast set over us because of our sins: also they have dominion over our bodies, and over our cattle, at their pleasure, and we are in great distress. 
9:38: And because of all this we make a sure covenant, and write it; and our princes, Levites, and priests, seal unto it.
10:1: Now those that sealed were, Nehemiah, the Tirshatha, the son of Hachaliah, and Zidkijah, 
10:2: Seraiah, Azariah, Jeremiah,
10:3: Pashur, Amariah, Malchijah,
10:4: Hattush, Shebaniah, Malluch,
10:5: Harim, Meremoth, Obadiah,
10:6: Daniel, Ginnethon, Baruch,
10:7: Meshullam, Abijah, Mijamin,
10:8: Maaziah, Bilgai, Shemaiah: these were the priests.
10:9: And the Levites: both Jeshua the son of Azaniah, Binnui of the sons of Henadad, Kadmiel;
10:10: And their brethren, Shebaniah, Hodijah, Kelita, Pelaiah, Hanan,
10:11: Micha, Rehob, Hashabiah,
10:12: Zaccur, Sherebiah, Shebaniah,
10:13: Hodijah, Bani, Beninu.
10:14: The chief of the people; Parosh, Pahath-moab, Elam, Zatthu, Bani,
10:15: Bunni, Azgad, Bebai,
10:16: Adonijah, Bigvai, Adin,
10:17: Ater, Hizkijah, Azzur,
10:18: Hodijah, Hashum, Bezai,
10:19: Hariph, Anathoth, Nebai,
10:20: Magpiash, Meshullam, Hezir,
10:21: Meshezabeel, Zadok, Jaddua, 
10:22: Pelatiah, Hanan, Anaiah,
10:23: Hoshea, Hananiah, Hashub, 
10:24: Hallohesh, Pileha, Shobek, 
10:25: Rehum, Hashabnah, Maaseiah,
10:26: And Ahijah, Hanan, Anan,
10:27: Malluch, Harim, Baanah.
10:28: And the rest of the people, the priests, the Levites, the porters, the singers, the Nethinims, and all they that had separated themselves from the people of the lands unto the law of God, their wives, their sons, and their daughters, every one having knowledge, and having understanding;
10:29: They clave to their brethren, their nobles, and entered into a curse, and into an oath, to walk in God's law, which was given by Moses the servant of God, and to observe and do all the commandments of the LORD our Lord, and his judgments and his statutes;
10:30: And that we would not give our daughters unto the people of the land, nor take their daughters for our sons:
10:31: And if the people of the land bring ware or any victuals on the sabbath day to sell, that we would not buy it of them on the sabbath, or on the holy day: and that we would leave the seventh year, and the exaction of every debt.
10:32: Also we made ordinances for us, to charge ourselves yearly with the third part of a shekel for the service of the house of our God;
10:33: For the shewbread, and for the continual meat offering, and for the continual burnt offering, of the sabbaths, of the new moons, for the set feasts, and for the holy things, and for the sin offerings to make an atonement for Israel, and for all the work of the house of our God.
10:34: And we cast the lots among the priests, the Levites, and the people, for the wood offering, to bring it into the house of our God, after the houses of our fathers, at times appointed year by year, to burn upon the altar of the LORD our God, as it is written in the law:
10:35: And to bring the firstfruits of our ground, and the firstfruits of all fruit of all trees, year by year, unto the house of the LORD:
10:36: Also the firstborn of our sons, and of our cattle, as it is written in the law, and the firstlings of our herds and of our flocks, to bring to the house of our God, unto the priests that minister in the house of our God:
10:37: And that we should bring the firstfruits of our dough, and our offerings, and the fruit of all manner of trees, of wine and of oil, unto the priests, to the chambers of the house of our God; and the tithes of our ground unto the Levites, that the same Levites might have the tithes in all the cities of our tillage.
10:38: And the priest the son of Aaron shall be with the Levites, when the Levites take tithes: and the Levites shall bring up the tithe of the tithes unto the house of our God, to the chambers, into the treasure house.
10:39: For the children of Israel and the children of Levi shall bring the offering of the corn, of the new wine, and the oil, unto the chambers, where are the vessels of the sanctuary, and the priests that minister, and the porters, and the singers: and we will not forsake the house of our God.
11:1: And the rulers of the people dwelt at Jerusalem: the rest of the people also cast lots, to bring one of ten to dwell in Jerusalem the holy city, and nine parts to dwell in other cities.
11:2: And the people blessed all the men, that willingly offered themselves to dwell at Jerusalem.
11:3: Now these are the chief of the province that dwelt in Jerusalem: but in the cities of Judah dwelt every one in his possession in their cities, to wit, Israel, the priests, and the Levites, and the Nethinims, and the children of Solomon's servants.
11:4: And at Jerusalem dwelt certain of the children of Judah, and of the children of Benjamin.  Of the children of Judah; Athaiah the son of Uzziah, the son of Zechariah, the son of Amariah, the son of Shephatiah, the son of Mahalaleel, of the children of Perez; 
11:5: And Maaseiah the son of Baruch, the son of Col-hozeh, the son of Hazaiah, the son of Adaiah, the son of Joiarib, the son of Zechariah, the son of Shiloni.
11:6: All the sons of Perez that dwelt at Jerusalem were four hundred threescore and eight valiant men. 
11:7: And these are the sons of Benjamin; Sallu the son of Meshullam, the son of Joed, the son of Pedaiah, the son of Kolaiah, the son of Maaseiah, the son of Ithiel, the son of Jesaiah. 
11:8: And after him Gabbai, Sallai, nine hundred twenty and eight.
11:9: And Joel the son of Zichri was their overseer: and Judah the son of Senuah was second over the city.
11:10: Of the priests: Jedaiah the son of Joiarib, Jachin.
11:11: Seraiah the son of Hilkiah, the son of Meshullam, the son of Zadok, the son of Meraioth, the son of Ahitub, was the ruler of the house of God.
11:12: And their brethren that did the work of the house were eight hundred twenty and two: and Adaiah the son of Jeroham, the son of Pelaliah, the son of Amzi, the son of Zechariah, the son of Pashur, the son of Malchiah,
11:13: And his brethren, chief of the fathers, two hundred forty and two: and Amashai the son of Azareel, the son of Ahasai, the son of Meshillemoth, the son of Immer,
11:14: And their brethren, mighty men of valour, an hundred twenty and eight: and their overseer was Zabdiel, the son of one of the great men.
11:15: Also of the Levites: Shemaiah the son of Hashub, the son of Azrikam, the son of Hashabiah, the son of Bunni;
11:16: And Shabbethai and Jozabad, of the chief of the Levites, had the oversight of the outward business of the house of God.
11:17: And Mattaniah the son of Micha, the son of Zabdi, the son of Asaph, was the principal to begin the thanksgiving in prayer: and Bakbukiah the second among his brethren, and Abda the son of Shammua, the son of Galal, the son of Jeduthun.
11:18: All the Levites in the holy city were two hundred fourscore and four.
11:19: Moreover the porters, Akkub, Talmon, and their brethren that kept the gates, were an hundred seventy and two.
11:20: And the residue of Israel, of the priests, and the Levites, were in all the cities of Judah, every one in his inheritance.
11:21: But the Nethinims dwelt in Ophel: and Ziha and Gispa were over the Nethinims.
11:22: The overseer also of the Levites at Jerusalem was Uzzi the son of Bani, the son of Hashabiah, the son of Mattaniah, the son of Micha.  Of the sons of Asaph, the singers were over the business of the house of God.
11:23: For it was the king's commandment concerning them, that a certain portion should be for the singers, due for every day.
11:24: And Pethahiah the son of Meshezabeel, of the children of Zerah the son of Judah, was at the king's hand in all matters concerning the people.
11:25: And for the villages, with their fields, some of the children of Judah dwelt at Kirjath-arba, and in the villages thereof, and at Dibon, and in the villages thereof, and at Jekabzeel, and in the villages thereof,
11:26: And at Jeshua, and at Moladah, and at Beth-phelet,
11:27: And at Hazar-shual, and at Beer-sheba, and in the villages thereof, 
11:28: And at Ziklag, and at Mekonah, and in the villages thereof,
11:29: And at En-rimmon, and at Zareah, and at Jarmuth, 
11:30: Zanoah, Adullam, and in their villages, at Lachish, and the fields thereof, at Azekah, and in the villages thereof.  And they dwelt from Beer-sheba unto the valley of Hinnom. 
11:31: The children also of Benjamin from Geba dwelt at Michmash, and Aija, and Bethel, and in their villages,
11:32: And at Anathoth, Nob, Ananiah,
11:33: Hazor, Ramah, Gittaim,
11:34: Hadid, Zeboim, Neballat,
11:35: Lod, and Ono, the valley of craftsmen.
11:36: And of the Levites were divisions in Judah, and in Benjamin.
12:1: Now these are the priests and the Levites that went up with Zerubbabel the son of Shealtiel, and Jeshua: Seraiah, Jeremiah, Ezra,
12:2: Amariah, Malluch, Hattush,
12:3: Shechaniah, Rehum, Meremoth,
12:4: Iddo, Ginnetho, Abijah,
12:5: Miamin, Maadiah, Bilgah,
12:6: Shemaiah, and Joiarib, Jediah,
12:7: Sallu, Amok, Hilkiah, Jedaiah.  These were the chief of the priests and of their brethren in the days of Jeshua.
12:8: Moreover the Levites: Jeshua, Binnui, Kadmiel, Sherebiah, Judah, and Mattaniah, which was over the thanksgiving, he and his brethren.
12:9: Also Bakbukiah and Unni, their brethren, were over against them in the watches.
12:10: And Jeshua begat Joiakim, Joiakim also begat Eliashib, and Eliashib begat Joiada,
12:11: And Joiada begat Jonathan, and Jonathan begat Jaddua.
12:12: And in the days of Joiakim were priests, the chief of the fathers: of Seraiah, Meraiah; of Jeremiah, Hananiah;
12:13: Of Ezra, Meshullam; of Amariah, Jehohanan; 
12:14: Of Melicu, Jonathan; of Shebaniah, Joseph;
12:15: Of Harim, Adna; of Meraioth, Helkai; 
12:16: Of Iddo, Zechariah; of Ginnethon, Meshullam; 
12:17: Of Abijah, Zichri; of Miniamin, of Moadiah, Piltai;
12:18: Of Bilgah, Shammua; of Shemaiah, Jehonathan;
12:19: And of Joiarib, Mattenai; of Jedaiah, Uzzi;
12:20: Of Sallai, Kallai; of Amok, Eber;
12:21: Of Hilkiah, Hashabiah; of Jedaiah, Nethaneel.
12:22: The Levites in the days of Eliashib, Joiada, and Johanan, and Jaddua, were recorded chief of the fathers: also the priests, to the reign of Darius the Persian.
12:23: The sons of Levi, the chief of the fathers, were written in the book of the chronicles, even until the days of Johanan the son of Eliashib.
12:24: And the chief of the Levites: Hashabiah, Sherebiah, and Jeshua the son of Kadmiel, with their brethren over against them, to praise and to give thanks, according to the commandment of David the man of God, ward over against ward.
12:25: Mattaniah, and Bakbukiah, Obadiah, Meshullam, Talmon, Akkub, were porters keeping the ward at the thresholds of the gates.
12:26: These were in the days of Joiakim the son of Jeshua, the son of Jozadak, and in the days of Nehemiah the governor, and of Ezra the priest, the scribe.
12:27: And at the dedication of the wall of Jerusalem they sought the Levites out of all their places, to bring them to Jerusalem, to keep the dedication with gladness, both with thanksgivings, and with singing, with cymbals, psalteries, and with harps.
12:28: And the sons of the singers gathered themselves together, both out of the plain country round about Jerusalem, and from the villages of Netophathi;
12:29: Also from the house of Gilgal, and out of the fields of Geba and Azmaveth: for the singers had builded them villages round about Jerusalem.
12:30: And the priests and the Levites purified themselves, and purified the people, and the gates, and the wall.
12:31: Then I brought up the princes of Judah upon the wall, and appointed two great companies of them that gave thanks, whereof one went on the right hand upon the wall toward the dung gate: 
12:32: And after them went Hoshaiah, and half of the princes of Judah,
12:33: And Azariah, Ezra, and Meshullam, 
12:34: Judah, and Benjamin, and Shemaiah, and Jeremiah, 
12:35: And certain of the priests' sons with trumpets; namely, Zechariah the son of Jonathan, the son of Shemaiah, the son of Mattaniah, the son of Michaiah, the son of Zaccur, the son of Asaph:
12:36: And his brethren, Shemaiah, and Azarael, Milalai, Gilalai, Maai, Nethaneel, and Judah, Hanani, with the musical instruments of David the man of God, and Ezra the scribe before them.
12:37: And at the fountain gate, which was over against them, they went up by the stairs of the city of David, at the going up of the wall, above the house of David, even unto the water gate eastward.
12:38: And the other company of them that gave thanks went over against them, and I after them, and the half of the people upon the wall, from beyond the tower of the furnaces even unto the broad wall;
12:39: And from above the gate of Ephraim, and above the old gate, and above the fish gate, and the tower of Hananeel, and the tower of Meah, even unto the sheep gate: and they stood still in the prison gate.
12:40: So stood the two companies of them that gave thanks in the house of God, and I, and the half of the rulers with me:
12:41: And the priests; Eliakim, Maaseiah, Miniamin, Michaiah, Elioenai, Zechariah, and Hananiah, with trumpets;
12:42: And Maaseiah, and Shemaiah, and Eleazar, and Uzzi, and Jehohanan, and Malchijah, and Elam, and Ezer.  And the singers sang loud, with Jezrahiah their overseer.
12:43: Also that day they offered great sacrifices, and rejoiced: for God had made them rejoice with great joy: the wives also and the children rejoiced: so that the joy of Jerusalem was heard even afar off.
12:44: And at that time were some appointed over the chambers for the treasures, for the offerings, for the firstfruits, and for the tithes, to gather into them out of the fields of the cities the portions of the law for the priests and Levites: for Judah rejoiced for the priests and for the Levites that waited.
12:45: And both the singers and the porters kept the ward of their God, and the ward of the purification, according to the commandment of David, and of Solomon his son.
12:46: For in the days of David and Asaph of old there were chief of the singers, and songs of praise and thanksgiving unto God.
12:47: And all Israel in the days of Zerubbabel, and in the days of Nehemiah, gave the portions of the singers and the porters, every day his portion: and they sanctified holy things unto the Levites; and the Levites sanctified them unto the children of Aaron.
13:1: On that day they read in the book of Moses in the audience of the people; and therein was found written, that the Ammonite and the Moabite should not come into the congregation of God for ever;
13:2: Because they met not the children of Israel with bread and with water, but hired Balaam against them, that he should curse them: howbeit our God turned the curse into a blessing.
13:3: Now it came to pass, when they had heard the law, that they separated from Israel all the mixed multitude.
13:4: And before this, Eliashib the priest, having the oversight of the chamber of the house of our God, was allied unto Tobiah:
13:5: And he had prepared for him a great chamber, where aforetime they laid the meat offerings, the frankincense, and the vessels, and the tithes of the corn, the new wine, and the oil, which was commanded to be given to the Levites, and the singers, and the porters; and the offerings of the priests.
13:6: But in all this time was not I at Jerusalem: for in the two and thirtieth year of Artaxerxes king of Babylon came I unto the king, and after certain days obtained I leave of the king: 
13:7: And I came to Jerusalem, and understood of the evil that Eliashib did for Tobiah, in preparing him a chamber in the courts of the house of God.
13:8: And it grieved me sore: therefore I cast forth all the household stuff of Tobiah out of the chamber. 
13:9: Then I commanded, and they cleansed the chambers: and thither brought I again the vessels of the house of God, with the meat offering and the frankincense. 
13:10: And I perceived that the portions of the Levites had not been given them: for the Levites and the singers, that did the work, were fled every one to his field.
13:11: Then contended I with the rulers, and said, Why is the house of God forsaken?  And I gathered them together, and set them in their place.
13:12: Then brought all Judah the tithe of the corn and the new wine and the oil unto the treasuries.
13:13: And I made treasurers over the treasuries, Shelemiah the priest, and Zadok the scribe, and of the Levites, Pedaiah: and next to them was Hanan the son of Zaccur, the son of Mattaniah: for they were counted faithful, and their office was to distribute unto their brethren.
13:14: Remember me, O my God, concerning this, and wipe not out my good deeds that I have done for the house of my God, and for the offices thereof.
13:15: In those days saw I in Judah some treading wine presses on the sabbath, and bringing in sheaves, and lading asses; as also wine, grapes, and figs, and all manner of burdens, which they brought into Jerusalem on the sabbath day: and I testified against them in the day wherein they sold victuals.
13:16: There dwelt men of Tyre also therein, which brought fish, and all manner of ware, and sold on the sabbath unto the children of Judah, and in Jerusalem.
13:17: Then I contended with the nobles of Judah, and said unto them, What evil thing is this that ye do, and profane the sabbath day?
13:18: Did not your fathers thus, and did not our God bring all this evil upon us, and upon this city?  yet ye bring more wrath upon Israel by profaning the sabbath.
13:19: And it came to pass, that when the gates of Jerusalem began to be dark before the sabbath, I commanded that the gates should be shut, and charged that they should not be opened till after the sabbath: and some of my servants set I at the gates, that there should no burden be brought in on the sabbath day.
13:20: So the merchants and sellers of all kind of ware lodged without Jerusalem once or twice.
13:21: Then I testified against them, and said unto them, Why lodge ye about the wall?  if ye do so again, I will lay hands on you.  From that time forth came they no more on the sabbath.
13:22: And I commanded the Levites that they should cleanse themselves, and that they should come and keep the gates, to sanctify the sabbath day.  Remember me, O my God, concerning this also, and spare me according to the greatness of thy mercy.
13:23: In those days also saw I Jews that had married wives of Ashdod, of Ammon, and of Moab:
13:24: And their children spake half in the speech of Ashdod, and could not speak in the Jews' language, but according to the language of each people.
13:25: And I contended with them, and cursed them, and smote certain of them, and plucked off their hair, and made them swear by God, saying, Ye shall not give your daughters unto their sons, nor take their daughters unto your sons, or for yourselves.
13:26: Did not Solomon king of Israel sin by these things?  yet among many nations was there no king like him, who was beloved of his God, and God made him king over all Israel: nevertheless even him did outlandish women cause to sin.
13:27: Shall we then hearken unto you to do all this great evil, to transgress against our God in marrying strange wives?
13:28: And one of the sons of Joiada, the son of Eliashib the high priest, was son in law to Sanballat the Horonite: therefore I chased him from me.
13:29: Remember them, O my God, because they have defiled the priesthood, and the covenant of the priesthood, and of the Levites. 
13:30: Thus cleansed I them from all strangers, and appointed the wards of the priests and the Levites, every one in his business;
13:31: And for the wood offering, at times appointed, and for the firstfruits.  Remember me, O my God, for good. 

ESTHER
1:1: Now it came to pass in the days of Ahasuerus, (this is Ahasuerus which reigned, from India even unto Ethiopia, over an hundred and seven and twenty provinces:)
1:2: That in those days, when the king Ahasuerus sat on the throne of his kingdom, which was in Shushan the palace,
1:3: In the third year of his reign, he made a feast unto all his princes and his servants; the power of Persia and Media, the nobles and princes of the provinces, being before him:
1:4: When he shewed the riches of his glorious kingdom and the honour of his excellent majesty many days, even an hundred and fourscore days.
1:5: And when these days were expired, the king made a feast unto all the people that were present in Shushan the palace, both unto great and small, seven days, in the court of the garden of the king's palace;
1:6: Where were white, green, and blue, hangings, fastened with cords of fine linen and purple to silver rings and pillars of marble: the beds were of gold and silver, upon a pavement of red, and blue, and white, and black, marble.
1:7: And they gave them drink in vessels of gold, (the vessels being diverse one from another,) and royal wine in abundance, according to the state of the king.
1:8: And the drinking was according to the law; none did compel: for so the king had appointed to all the officers of his house, that they should do according to every man's pleasure.
1:9: Also Vashti the queen made a feast for the women in the royal house which belonged to king Ahasuerus.
1:10: On the seventh day, when the heart of the king was merry with wine, he commanded Mehuman, Biztha, Harbona, Bigtha, and Abagtha, Zethar, and Carcas, the seven chamberlains that served in the presence of Ahasuerus the king,
1:11: To bring Vashti the queen before the king with the crown royal, to shew the people and the princes her beauty: for she was fair to look on.
1:12: But the queen Vashti refused to come at the king's commandment by his chamberlains: therefore was the king very wroth, and his anger burned in him.
1:13: Then the king said to the wise men, which knew the times, (for so was the king's manner toward all that knew law and judgment:
1:14: And the next unto him was Carshena, Shethar, Admatha, Tarshish, Meres, Marsena, and Memucan, the seven princes of Persia and Media, which saw the king's face, and which sat the first in the kingdom;)
1:15: What shall we do unto the queen Vashti according to law, because she hath not performed the commandment of the king Ahasuerus by the chamberlains?
1:16: And Memucan answered before the king and the princes, Vashti the queen hath not done wrong to the king only, but also to all the princes, and to all the people that are in all the provinces of the king Ahasuerus.
1:17: For this deed of the queen shall come abroad unto all women, so that they shall despise their husbands in their eyes, when it shall be reported, The king Ahasuerus commanded Vashti the queen to be brought in before him, but she came not.
1:18: Likewise shall the ladies of Persia and Media say this day unto all the king's princes, which have heard of the deed of the queen.  Thus shall there arise too much contempt and wrath.
1:19: If it please the king, let there go a royal commandment from him, and let it be written among the laws of the Persians and the Medes, that it be not altered, That Vashti come no more before king Ahasuerus; and let the king give her royal estate unto another that is better than she.
1:20: And when the king's decree which he shall make shall be published throughout all his empire, (for it is great,) all the wives shall give to their husbands honour, both to great and small.
1:21: And the saying pleased the king and the princes; and the king did according to the word of Memucan: 
1:22: For he sent letters into all the king's provinces, into every province according to the writing thereof, and to every people after their language, that every man should bear rule in his own house, and that it should be published according to the language of every people.
2:1: After these things, when the wrath of king Ahasuerus was appeased, he remembered Vashti, and what she had done, and what was decreed against her. 
2:2: Then said the king's servants that ministered unto him, Let there be fair young virgins sought for the king:
2:3: And let the king appoint officers in all the provinces of his kingdom, that they may gather together all the fair young virgins unto Shushan the palace, to the house of the women unto the custody of Hege the king's chamberlain, keeper of the women; and let their things for purification be given them:
2:4: And let the maiden which pleaseth the king be queen instead of Vashti.  And the thing pleased the king; and he did so.
2:5: Now in Shushan the palace there was a certain Jew, whose name was Mordecai, the son of Jair, the son of Shimei, the son of Kish, a Benjamite;
2:6: Who had been carried away from Jerusalem with the captivity which had been carried away with Jeconiah king of Judah, whom Nebuchadnezzar the king of Babylon had carried away.
2:7: And he brought up Hadassah, that is, Esther, his uncle's daughter: for she had neither father nor mother, and the maid was fair and beautiful; whom Mordecai, when her father and mother were dead, took for his own daughter.
2:8: So it came to pass, when the king's commandment and his decree was heard, and when many maidens were gathered together unto Shushan the palace, to the custody of Hegai, that Esther was brought also unto the king's house, to the custody of Hegai, keeper of the women.
2:9: And the maiden pleased him, and she obtained kindness of him; and he speedily gave her her things for purification, with such things as belonged to her, and seven maidens, which were meet to be given her, out of the king's house: and he preferred her and her maids unto the best place of the house of the women.
2:10: Esther had not shewed her people nor her kindred: for Mordecai had charged her that she should not shew it.
2:11: And Mordecai walked every day before the court of the women's house, to know how Esther did, and what should become of her.
2:12: Now when every maid's turn was come to go in to king Ahasuerus, after that she had been twelve months, according to the manner of the women, (for so were the days of their purifications accomplished, to wit, six months with oil of myrrh, and six months with sweet odours, and with other things for the purifying of the women;)
2:13: Then thus came every maiden unto the king; whatsoever she desired was given her to go with her out of the house of the women unto the king's house.
2:14: In the evening she went, and on the morrow she returned into the second house of the women, to the custody of Shaashgaz, the king's chamberlain, which kept the concubines: she came in unto the king no more, except the king delighted in her, and that she were called by name.
2:15: Now when the turn of Esther, the daughter of Abihail the uncle of Mordecai, who had taken her for his daughter, was come to go in unto the king, she required nothing but what Hegai the king's chamberlain, the keeper of the women, appointed.  And Esther obtained favour in the sight of all them that looked upon her.
2:16: So Esther was taken unto king Ahasuerus into his house royal in the tenth month, which is the month Tebeth, in the seventh year of his reign.
2:17: And the king loved Esther above all the women, and she obtained grace and favour in his sight more than all the virgins; so that he set the royal crown upon her head, and made her queen instead of Vashti.
2:18: Then the king made a great feast unto all his princes and his servants, even Esther's feast; and he made a release to the provinces, and gave gifts, according to the state of the king.
2:19: And when the virgins were gathered together the second time, then Mordecai sat in the king's gate.
2:20: Esther had not yet shewed her kindred nor her people; as Mordecai had charged her: for Esther did the commandment of Mordecai, like as when she was brought up with him.
2:21: In those days, while Mordecai sat in the king's gate, two of the king's chamberlains, Bigthan and Teresh, of those which kept the door, were wroth, and sought to lay hand on the king Ahasuerus. 
2:22: And the thing was known to Mordecai, who told it unto Esther the queen; and Esther certified the king thereof in Mordecai's name.
2:23: And when inquisition was made of the matter, it was found out; therefore they were both hanged on a tree: and it was written in the book of the chronicles before the king. 
3:1: After these things did king Ahasuerus promote Haman the son of Hammedatha the Agagite, and advanced him, and set his seat above all the princes that were with him.
3:2: And all the king's servants, that were in the king's gate, bowed, and reverenced Haman: for the king had so commanded concerning him.  But Mordecai bowed not, nor did him reverence.
3:3: Then the king's servants, which were in the king's gate, said unto Mordecai, Why transgressest thou the king's commandment?
3:4: Now it came to pass, when they spake daily unto him, and he hearkened not unto them, that they told Haman, to see whether Mordecai's matters would stand: for he had told them that he was a Jew.
3:5: And when Haman saw that Mordecai bowed not, nor did him reverence, then was Haman full of wrath.
3:6: And he thought scorn to lay hands on Mordecai alone; for they had shewed him the people of Mordecai: wherefore Haman sought to destroy all the Jews that were throughout the whole kingdom of Ahasuerus, even the people of Mordecai.
3:7: In the first month, that is, the month Nisan, in the twelfth year of king Ahasuerus, they cast Pur, that is, the lot, before Haman from day to day, and from month to month, to the twelfth month, that is, the month Adar.
3:8: And Haman said unto king Ahasuerus, There is a certain people scattered abroad and dispersed among the people in all the provinces of thy kingdom; and their laws are diverse from all people; neither keep they the king's laws: therefore it is not for the king's profit to suffer them.
3:9: If it please the king, let it be written that they may be destroyed: and I will pay ten thousand talents of silver to the hands of those that have the charge of the business, to bring it into the king's treasuries.
3:10: And the king took his ring from his hand, and gave it unto Haman the son of Hammedatha the Agagite, the Jews' enemy.
3:11: And the king said unto Haman, The silver is given to thee, the people also, to do with them as it seemeth good to thee.
3:12: Then were the king's scribes called on the thirteenth day of the first month, and there was written according to all that Haman had commanded unto the king's lieutenants, and to the governors that were over every province, and to the rulers of every people of every province according to the writing thereof, and to every people after their language; in the name of king Ahasuerus was it written, and sealed with the king's ring.
3:13: And the letters were sent by posts into all the king's provinces, to destroy, to kill, and to cause to perish, all Jews, both young and old, little children and women, in one day, even upon the thirteenth day of the twelfth month, which is the month Adar, and to take the spoil of them for a prey.
3:14: The copy of the writing for a commandment to be given in every province was published unto all people, that they should be ready against that day.
3:15: The posts went out, being hastened by the king's commandment, and the decree was given in Shushan the palace.  And the king and Haman sat down to drink; but the city Shushan was perplexed.
4:1: When Mordecai perceived all that was done, Mordecai rent his clothes, and put on sackcloth with ashes, and went out into the midst of the city, and cried with a loud and a bitter cry;
4:2: And came even before the king's gate: for none might enter into the king's gate clothed with sackcloth.
4:3: And in every province, whithersoever the king's commandment and his decree came, there was great mourning among the Jews, and fasting, and weeping, and wailing; and many lay in sackcloth and ashes.
4:4: So Esther's maids and her chamberlains came and told it her.  Then was the queen exceedingly grieved; and she sent raiment to clothe Mordecai, and to take away his sackcloth from him: but he received it not. 
4:5: Then called Esther for Hatach, one of the king's chamberlains, whom he had appointed to attend upon her, and gave him a commandment to Mordecai, to know what it was, and why it was.
4:6: So Hatach went forth to Mordecai unto the street of the city, which was before the king's gate. 
4:7: And Mordecai told him of all that had happened unto him, and of the sum of the money that Haman had promised to pay to the king's treasuries for the Jews, to destroy them. 
4:8: Also he gave him the copy of the writing of the decree that was given at Shushan to destroy them, to shew it unto Esther, and to declare it unto her, and to charge her that she should go in unto the king, to make supplication unto him, and to make request before him for her people.
4:9: And Hatach came and told Esther the words of Mordecai.
4:10: Again Esther spake unto Hatach, and gave him commandment unto Mordecai;
4:11: All the king's servants, and the people of the king's provinces, do know, that whosoever, whether man or woman, shall come unto the king into the inner court, who is not called, there is one law of his to put him to death, except such to whom the king shall hold out the golden sceptre, that he may live: but I have not been called to come in unto the king these thirty days.
4:12: And they told to Mordecai Esther's words.
4:13: Then Mordecai commanded to answer Esther, Think not with thyself that thou shalt escape in the king's house, more than all the Jews.
4:14: For if thou altogether holdest thy peace at this time, then shall there enlargement and deliverance arise to the Jews from another place; but thou and thy father's house shall be destroyed: and who knoweth whether thou art come to the kingdom for such a time as this?
4:15: Then Esther bade them return Mordecai this answer,
4:16: Go, gather together all the Jews that are present in Shushan, and fast ye for me, and neither eat nor drink three days, night or day: I also and my maidens will fast likewise; and so will I go in unto the king, which is not according to the law: and if I perish, I perish.
4:17: So Mordecai went his way, and did according to all that Esther had commanded him.
5:1: Now it came to pass on the third day, that Esther put on her royal apparel, and stood in the inner court of the king's house, over against the king's house: and the king sat upon his royal throne in the royal house, over against the gate of the house.
5:2: And it was so, when the king saw Esther the queen standing in the court, that she obtained favour in his sight: and the king held out to Esther the golden sceptre that was in his hand.  So Esther drew near, and touched the top of the sceptre. 
5:3: Then said the king unto her, What wilt thou, queen Esther?  and what is thy request?  it shall be even given thee to the half of the kingdom.
5:4: And Esther answered, If it seem good unto the king, let the king and Haman come this day unto the banquet that I have prepared for him. 
5:5: Then the king said, Cause Haman to make haste, that he may do as Esther hath said.  So the king and Haman came to the banquet that Esther had prepared. 
5:6: And the king said unto Esther at the banquet of wine, What is thy petition?  and it shall be granted thee: and what is thy request?  even to the half of the kingdom it shall be performed.
5:7: Then answered Esther, and said, My petition and my request is;
5:8: If I have found favour in the sight of the king, and if it please the king to grant my petition, and to perform my request, let the king and Haman come to the banquet that I shall prepare for them, and I will do tomorrow as the king hath said.
5:9: Then went Haman forth that day joyful and with a glad heart: but when Haman saw Mordecai in the king's gate, that he stood not up, nor moved for him, he was full of indignation against Mordecai.
5:10: Nevertheless Haman refrained himself: and when he came home, he sent and called for his friends, and Zeresh his wife.
5:11: And Haman told them of the glory of his riches, and the multitude of his children, and all the things wherein the king had promoted him, and how he had advanced him above the princes and servants of the king.
5:12: Haman said moreover, Yea, Esther the queen did let no man come in with the king unto the banquet that she had prepared but myself; and to morrow am I invited unto her also with the king.
5:13: Yet all this availeth me nothing, so long as I see Mordecai the Jew sitting at the king's gate.
5:14: Then said Zeresh his wife and all his friends unto him, Let a gallows be made of fifty cubits high, and tomorrow speak thou unto the king that Mordecai may be hanged thereon: then go thou in merrily with the king unto the banquet.  And the thing pleased Haman; and he caused the gallows to be made.
6:1: On that night could not the king sleep, and he commanded to bring the book of records of the chronicles; and they were read before the king.
6:2: And it was found written, that Mordecai had told of Bigthana and Teresh, two of the king's chamberlains, the keepers of the door, who sought to lay hand on the king Ahasuerus.
6:3: And the king said, What honour and dignity hath been done to Mordecai for this?  Then said the king's servants that ministered unto him, There is nothing done for him.
6:4: And the king said, Who is in the court?  Now Haman was come into the outward court of the king's house, to speak unto the king to hang Mordecai on the gallows that he had prepared for him.
6:5: And the king's servants said unto him, Behold, Haman standeth in the court.  And the king said, Let him come in.
6:6: So Haman came in.  And the king said unto him, What shall be done unto the man whom the king delighteth to honour?  Now Haman thought in his heart, To whom would the king delight to do honour more than to myself?
6:7: And Haman answered the king, For the man whom the king delighteth to honour,
6:8: Let the royal apparel be brought which the king useth to wear, and the horse that the king rideth upon, and the crown royal which is set upon his head:
6:9: And let this apparel and horse be delivered to the hand of one of the king's most noble princes, that they may array the man withal whom the king delighteth to honour, and bring him on horseback through the street of the city, and proclaim before him, Thus shall it be done to the man whom the king delighteth to honour.
6:10: Then the king said to Haman, Make haste, and take the apparel and the horse, as thou hast said, and do even so to Mordecai the Jew, that sitteth at the king's gate: let nothing fail of all that thou has spoken. 
6:11: Then took Haman the apparel and the horse, and arrayed Mordecai, and brought him on horseback through the street of the city, and proclaimed before him, Thus shall it be done unto the man whom the king delighteth to honour.
6:12: And Mordecai came again to the king's gate.  But Haman hasted to his house mourning, and having his head covered. 
6:13: And Haman told Zeresh his wife and all his friends every thing that had befallen him.  Then said his wise men and Zeresh his wife unto him, If Mordecai be of the seed of the Jews, before whom thou hast begun to fall, thou shalt not prevail against him, but shalt surely fall before him. 
6:14: And while they were yet talking with him, came the king's chamberlains, and hasted to bring Haman unto the banquet that Esther had prepared.
7:1: So the king and Haman came to banquet with Esther the queen.
7:2: And the king said again unto Esther on the second day at the banquet of wine, What is thy petition, queen Esther?  and it shall be granted thee: and what is thy request?  and it shall be performed, even to the half of the kingdom.
7:3: Then Esther the queen answered and said, If I have found favour in thy sight, O king, and if it please the king, let my life be given me at my petition, and my people at my request:
7:4: For we are sold, I and my people, to be destroyed, to be slain, and to perish.  But if we had been sold for bondmen and bondwomen, I had held my tongue, although the enemy could not countervail the king's damage.
7:5: Then the king Ahasuerus answered and said unto Esther the queen, Who is he, and where is he, that durst presume in his heart to do so?
7:6: And Esther said, The adversary and enemy is this wicked Haman.  Then Haman was afraid before the king and the queen.
7:7: And the king arising from the banquet of wine in his wrath went into the palace garden: and Haman stood up to make request for his life to Esther the queen; for he saw that there was evil determined against him by the king.
7:8: Then the king returned out of the palace garden into the place of the banquet of wine; and Haman was fallen upon the bed whereon Esther was.  Then said the king, Will he force the queen also before me in the house?  As the word went out of the king's mouth, they covered Haman's face.
7:9: And Harbonah, one of the chamberlains, said before the king, Behold also, the gallows fifty cubits high, which Haman had made for Mordecai, who had spoken good for the king, standeth in the house of Haman.  Then the king said, Hang him thereon.
7:10: So they hanged Haman on the gallows that he had prepared for Mordecai.  Then was the king's wrath pacified.
8:1: On that day did the king Ahasuerus give the house of Haman the Jews' enemy unto Esther the queen.  And Mordecai came before the king; for Esther had told what he was unto her.
8:2: And the king took off his ring, which he had taken from Haman, and gave it unto Mordecai.  And Esther set Mordecai over the house of Haman.
8:3: And Esther spake yet again before the king, and fell down at his feet, and besought him with tears to put away the mischief of Haman the Agagite, and his device that he had devised against the Jews.
8:4: Then the king held out the golden sceptre toward Esther.  So Esther arose, and stood before the king,
8:5: And said, If it please the king, and if I have found favour in his sight, and the thing seem right before the king, and I be pleasing in his eyes, let it be written to reverse the letters devised by Haman the son of Hammedatha the Agagite, which he wrote to destroy the Jews which are in all the king's provinces:
8:6: For how can I endure to see the evil that shall come unto my people?  or how can I endure to see the destruction of my kindred?
8:7: Then the king Ahasuerus said unto Esther the queen and to Mordecai the Jew, Behold, I have given Esther the house of Haman, and him they have hanged upon the gallows, because he laid his hand upon the Jews. 
8:8: Write ye also for the Jews, as it liketh you, in the king's name, and seal it with the king's ring: for the writing which is written in the king's name, and sealed with the king's ring, may no man reverse.
8:9: Then were the king's scribes called at that time in the third month, that is, the month Sivan, on the three and twentieth day thereof; and it was written according to all that Mordecai commanded unto the Jews, and to the lieutenants, and the deputies and rulers of the provinces which are from India unto Ethiopia, an hundred twenty and seven provinces, unto every province according to the writing thereof, and unto every people after their language, and to the Jews according to their writing, and according to their language. 
8:10: And he wrote in the king Ahasuerus' name, and sealed it with the king's ring, and sent letters by posts on horseback, and riders on mules, camels, and young dromedaries: 
8:11: Wherein the king granted the Jews which were in every city to gather themselves together, and to stand for their life, to destroy, to slay, and to cause to perish, all the power of the people and province that would assault them, both little ones and women, and to take the spoil of them for a prey,
8:12: Upon one day in all the provinces of king Ahasuerus, namely, upon the thirteenth day of the twelfth month, which is the month Adar.
8:13: The copy of the writing for a commandment to be given in every province was published unto all people, and that the Jews should be ready against that day to avenge themselves on their enemies.
8:14: So the posts that rode upon mules and camels went out, being hastened and pressed on by the king's commandment.  And the decree was given at Shushan the palace.
8:15: And Mordecai went out from the presence of the king in royal apparel of blue and white, and with a great crown of gold, and with a garment of fine linen and purple: and the city of Shushan rejoiced and was glad.
8:16: The Jews had light, and gladness, and joy, and honour.
8:17: And in every province, and in every city, whithersoever the king's commandment and his decree came, the Jews had joy and gladness, a feast and a good day.  And many of the people of the land became Jews; for the fear of the Jews fell upon them.
9:1: Now in the twelfth month, that is, the month Adar, on the thirteenth day of the same, when the king's commandment and his decree drew near to be put in execution, in the day that the enemies of the Jews hoped to have power over them, (though it was turned to the contrary, that the Jews had rule over them that hated them;)
9:2: The Jews gathered themselves together in their cities throughout all the provinces of the king Ahasuerus, to lay hand on such as sought their hurt: and no man could withstand them; for the fear of them fell upon all people.
9:3: And all the rulers of the provinces, and the lieutenants, and the deputies, and officers of the king, helped the Jews; because the fear of Mordecai fell upon them.
9:4: For Mordecai was great in the king's house, and his fame went out throughout all the provinces: for this man Mordecai waxed greater and greater.
9:5: Thus the Jews smote all their enemies with the stroke of the sword, and slaughter, and destruction, and did what they would unto those that hated them.
9:6: And in Shushan the palace the Jews slew and destroyed five hundred men.
9:7: And Parshandatha, and Dalphon, and Aspatha, 
9:8: And Poratha, and Adalia, and Aridatha,
9:9: And Parmashta, and Arisai, and Aridai, and Vajezatha, 
9:10: The ten sons of Haman the son of Hammedatha, the enemy of the Jews, slew they; but on the spoil laid they not their hand. 
9:11: On that day the number of those that were slain in Shushan the palace was brought before the king.
9:12: And the king said unto Esther the queen, The Jews have slain and destroyed five hundred men in Shushan the palace, and the ten sons of Haman; what have they done in the rest of the king's provinces?  now what is thy petition?  and it shall be granted thee: or what is thy request further?  and it shall be done.
9:13: Then said Esther, If it please the king, let it be granted to the Jews which are in Shushan to do tomorrow also according unto this day's decree, and let Haman's ten sons be hanged upon the gallows.
9:14: And the king commanded it so to be done: and the decree was given at Shushan; and they hanged Haman's ten sons.
9:15: For the Jews that were in Shushan gathered themselves together on the fourteenth day also of the month Adar, and slew three hundred men at Shushan; but on the prey they laid not their hand.
9:16: But the other Jews that were in the king's provinces gathered themselves together, and stood for their lives, and had rest from their enemies, and slew of their foes seventy and five thousand, but they laid not their hands on the prey,
9:17: On the thirteenth day of the month Adar; and on the fourteenth day of the same rested they, and made it a day of feasting and gladness.
9:18: But the Jews that were at Shushan assembled together on the thirteenth day thereof; and on the fourteenth thereof; and on the fifteenth day of the same they rested, and made it a day of feasting and gladness.
9:19: Therefore the Jews of the villages, that dwelt in the unwalled towns, made the fourteenth day of the month Adar a day of gladness and feasting, and a good day, and of sending portions one to another.
9:20: And Mordecai wrote these things, and sent letters unto all the Jews that were in all the provinces of the king Ahasuerus, both nigh and far,
9:21: To stablish this among them, that they should keep the fourteenth day of the month Adar, and the fifteenth day of the same, yearly,
9:22: As the days wherein the Jews rested from their enemies, and the month which was turned unto them from sorrow to joy, and from mourning into a good day: that they should make them days of feasting and joy, and of sending portions one to another, and gifts to the poor.
9:23: And the Jews undertook to do as they had begun, and as Mordecai had written unto them;
9:24: Because Haman the son of Hammedatha, the Agagite, the enemy of all the Jews, had devised against the Jews to destroy them, and had cast Pur, that is, the lot, to consume them, and to destroy them;
9:25: But when Esther came before the king, he commanded by letters that his wicked device, which he devised against the Jews, should return upon his own head, and that he and his sons should be hanged on the gallows
9:26: Wherefore they called these days Purim after the name of Pur.  Therefore for all the words of this letter, and of that which they had seen concerning this matter, and which had come unto them,
9:27: The Jews ordained, and took upon them, and upon their seed, and upon all such as joined themselves unto them, so as it should not fail, that they would keep these two days according to their writing, and according to their appointed time every year;
9:28: And that these days should be remembered and kept throughout every generation, every family, every province, and every city; and that these days of Purim should not fail from among the Jews, nor the memorial of them perish from their seed.
9:29: Then Esther the queen, the daughter of Abihail, and Mordecai the Jew, wrote with all authority, to confirm this second letter of Purim.
9:30: And he sent the letters unto all the Jews, to the hundred twenty and seven provinces of the kingdom of Ahasuerus, with words of peace and truth, 
9:31: To confirm these days of Purim in their times appointed, according as Mordecai the Jew and Esther the queen had enjoined them, and as they had decreed for themselves and for their seed, the matters of the fastings and their cry.
9:32: And the decree of Esther confirmed these matters of Purim; and it was written in the book. 
10:1: And the king Ahasuerus laid a tribute upon the land, and upon the isles of the sea.
10:2: And all the acts of his power and of his might, and the declaration of the greatness of Mordecai, whereunto the king advanced him, are they not written in the book of the chronicles of the kings of Media and Persia?
10:3: For Mordecai the Jew was next unto king Ahasuerus, and great among the Jews, and accepted of the multitude of his brethren, seeking the wealth of his people, and speaking peace to all his seed.

JOB
1:1: There was a man in the land of Uz, whose name was Job; and that man was perfect and upright, and one that feared God, and eschewed evil.
1:2: And there were born unto him seven sons and three daughters.
1:3: His substance also was seven thousand sheep, and three thousand camels, and five hundred yoke of oxen, and five hundred she asses, and a very great household; so that this man was the greatest of all the men of the east.
1:4: And his sons went and feasted in their houses, every one his day; and sent and called for their three sisters to eat and to drink with them.
1:5: And it was so, when the days of their feasting were gone about, that Job sent and sanctified them, and rose up early in the morning, and offered burnt offerings according to the number of them all: for Job said, It may be that my sons have sinned, and cursed God in their hearts.  Thus did Job continually.
1:6: Now there was a day when the sons of God came to present themselves before the LORD, and Satan came also among them.
1:7: And the LORD said unto Satan, Whence comest thou?  Then Satan answered the LORD, and said, From going to and fro in the earth, and from walking up and down in it.
1:8: And the LORD said unto Satan, Hast thou considered my servant Job, that there is none like him in the earth, a perfect and an upright man, one that feareth God, and escheweth evil?
1:9: Then Satan answered the LORD, and said, Doth Job fear God for nought?
1:10: Hast not thou made an hedge about him, and about his house, and about all that he hath on every side?  thou hast blessed the work of his hands, and his substance is increased in the land.
1:11: But put forth thine hand now, and touch all that he hath, and he will curse thee to thy face.
1:12: And the LORD said unto Satan, Behold, all that he hath is in thy power; only upon himself put not forth thine hand.  So Satan went forth from the presence of the LORD.
1:13: And there was a day when his sons and his daughters were eating and drinking wine in their eldest brother's house:
1:14: And there came a messenger unto Job, and said, The oxen were plowing, and the asses feeding beside them: 
1:15: And the Sabeans fell upon them, and took them away; yea, they have slain the servants with the edge of the sword; and I only am escaped alone to tell thee.
1:16: While he was yet speaking, there came also another, and said, The fire of God is fallen from heaven, and hath burned up the sheep, and the servants, and consumed them; and I only am escaped alone to tell thee. 
1:17: While he was yet speaking, there came also another, and said, The Chaldeans made out three bands, and fell upon the camels, and have carried them away, yea, and slain the servants with the edge of the sword; and I only am escaped alone to tell thee. 
1:18: While he was yet speaking, there came also another, and said, Thy sons and thy daughters were eating and drinking wine in their eldest brother's house:
1:19: And, behold, there came a great wind from the wilderness, and smote the four corners of the house, and it fell upon the young men, and they are dead; and I only am escaped alone to tell thee.
1:20: Then Job arose, and rent his mantle, and shaved his head, and fell down upon the ground, and worshipped,
1:21: And said, Naked came I out of my mother's womb, and naked shall I return thither: the LORD gave, and the LORD hath taken away; blessed be the name of the LORD.
1:22: In all this Job sinned not, nor charged God foolishly.
2:1: Again there was a day when the sons of God came to present themselves before the LORD, and Satan came also among them to present himself before the LORD.
2:2: And the LORD said unto Satan, From whence comest thou?  And Satan answered the LORD, and said, From going to and fro in the earth, and from walking up and down in it.
2:3: And the LORD said unto Satan, Hast thou considered my servant Job, that there is none like him in the earth, a perfect and an upright man, one that feareth God, and escheweth evil?  and still he holdeth fast his integrity, although thou movedst me against him, to destroy him without cause.
2:4: And Satan answered the LORD, and said, Skin for skin, yea, all that a man hath will he give for his life.
2:5: But put forth thine hand now, and touch his bone and his flesh, and he will curse thee to thy face.
2:6: And the LORD said unto Satan, Behold, he is in thine hand; but save his life.
2:7: So went Satan forth from the presence of the LORD, and smote Job with sore boils from the sole of his foot unto his crown.
2:8: And he took him a potsherd to scrape himself withal; and he sat down among the ashes.
2:9: Then said his wife unto him, Dost thou still retain thine integrity?  curse God, and die.
2:10: But he said unto her, Thou speakest as one of the foolish women speaketh.  What?  shall we receive good at the hand of God, and shall we not receive evil?  In all this did not Job sin with his lips.
2:11: Now when Job's three friends heard of all this evil that was come upon him, they came every one from his own place; Eliphaz the Temanite, and Bildad the Shuhite, and Zophar the Naamathite: for they had made an appointment together to come to mourn with him and to comfort him.
2:12: And when they lifted up their eyes afar off, and knew him not, they lifted up their voice, and wept; and they rent every one his mantle, and sprinkled dust upon their heads toward heaven.
2:13: So they sat down with him upon the ground seven days and seven nights, and none spake a word unto him: for they saw that his grief was very great.
3:1: After this opened Job his mouth, and cursed his day.
3:2: And Job spake, and said, 
3:3: Let the day perish wherein I was born, and the night in which it was said, There is a man child conceived. 
3:4: Let that day be darkness; let not God regard it from above, neither let the light shine upon it.
3:5: Let darkness and the shadow of death stain it; let a cloud dwell upon it; let the blackness of the day terrify it.
3:6: As for that night, let darkness seize upon it; let it not be joined unto the days of the year, let it not come into the number of the months.
3:7: Lo, let that night be solitary, let no joyful voice come therein.
3:8: Let them curse it that curse the day, who are ready to raise up their mourning.
3:9: Let the stars of the twilight thereof be dark; let it look for light, but have none; neither let it see the dawning of the day:
3:10: Because it shut not up the doors of my mother's womb, nor hid sorrow from mine eyes. 
3:11: Why died I not from the womb?  why did I not give up the ghost when I came out of the belly?
3:12: Why did the knees prevent me?  or why the breasts that I should suck? 
3:13: For now should I have lain still and been quiet, I should have slept: then had I been at rest, 
3:14: With kings and counsellers of the earth, which built desolate places for themselves;
3:15: Or with princes that had gold, who filled their houses with silver:
3:16: Or as an hidden untimely birth I had not been; as infants which never saw light.
3:17: There the wicked cease from troubling; and there the weary be at rest.
3:18: There the prisoners rest together; they hear not the voice of the oppressor.
3:19: The small and great are there; and the servant is free from his master.
3:20: Wherefore is light given to him that is in misery, and life unto the bitter in soul;
3:21: Which long for death, but it cometh not; and dig for it more than for hid treasures;
3:22: Which rejoice exceedingly, and are glad, when they can find the grave?
3:23: Why is light given to a man whose way is hid, and whom God hath hedged in?
3:24: For my sighing cometh before I eat, and my roarings are poured out like the waters.
3:25: For the thing which I greatly feared is come upon me, and that which I was afraid of is come unto me.
3:26: I was not in safety, neither had I rest, neither was I quiet; yet trouble came.
4:1: Then Eliphaz the Temanite answered and said,
4:2: If we assay to commune with thee, wilt thou be grieved?  but who can withhold himself from speaking?
4:3: Behold, thou hast instructed many, and thou hast strengthened the weak hands.
4:4: Thy words have upholden him that was falling, and thou hast strengthened the feeble knees.
4:5: But now it is come upon thee, and thou faintest; it toucheth thee, and thou art troubled.
4:6: Is not this thy fear, thy confidence, thy hope, and the uprightness of thy ways? 
4:7: Remember, I pray thee, who ever perished, being innocent?  or where were the righteous cut off?
4:8: Even as I have seen, they that plow iniquity, and sow wickedness, reap the same. 
4:9: By the blast of God they perish, and by the breath of his nostrils are they consumed. 
4:10: The roaring of the lion, and the voice of the fierce lion, and the teeth of the young lions, are broken.
4:11: The old lion perisheth for lack of prey, and the stout lion's whelps are scattered abroad.
4:12: Now a thing was secretly brought to me, and mine ear received a little thereof.
4:13: In thoughts from the visions of the night, when deep sleep falleth on men,
4:14: Fear came upon me, and trembling, which made all my bones to shake.
4:15: Then a spirit passed before my face; the hair of my flesh stood up:
4:16: It stood still, but I could not discern the form thereof: an image was before mine eyes, there was silence, and I heard a voice, saying,
4:17: Shall mortal man be more just than God?  shall a man be more pure than his maker?
4:18: Behold, he put no trust in his servants; and his angels he charged with folly:
4:19: How much less in them that dwell in houses of clay, whose foundation is in the dust, which are crushed before the moth?
4:20: They are destroyed from morning to evening: they perish for ever without any regarding it.
4:21: Doth not their excellency which is in them go away?  they die, even without wisdom.
5:1: Call now, if there be any that will answer thee; and to which of the saints wilt thou turn?
5:2: For wrath killeth the foolish man, and envy slayeth the silly one.
5:3: I have seen the foolish taking root: but suddenly I cursed his habitation.
5:4: His children are far from safety, and they are crushed in the gate, neither is there any to deliver them.
5:5: Whose harvest the hungry eateth up, and taketh it even out of the thorns, and the robber swalloweth up their substance.
5:6: Although affliction cometh not forth of the dust, neither doth trouble spring out of the ground;
5:7: Yet man is born unto trouble, as the sparks fly upward. 
5:8: I would seek unto God, and unto God would I commit my cause:
5:9: Which doeth great things and unsearchable; marvellous things without number: 
5:10: Who giveth rain upon the earth, and sendeth waters upon the fields: 
5:11: To set up on high those that be low; that those which mourn may be exalted to safety.
5:12: He disappointeth the devices of the crafty, so that their hands cannot perform their enterprise.
5:13: He taketh the wise in their own craftiness: and the counsel of the froward is carried headlong.
5:14: They meet with darkness in the daytime, and grope in the noonday as in the night.
5:15: But he saveth the poor from the sword, from their mouth, and from the hand of the mighty.
5:16: So the poor hath hope, and iniquity stoppeth her mouth.
5:17: Behold, happy is the man whom God correcteth: therefore despise not thou the chastening of the Almighty:
5:18: For he maketh sore, and bindeth up: he woundeth, and his hands make whole.
5:19: He shall deliver thee in six troubles: yea, in seven there shall no evil touch thee.
5:20: In famine he shall redeem thee from death: and in war from the power of the sword.
5:21: Thou shalt be hid from the scourge of the tongue: neither shalt thou be afraid of destruction when it cometh.
5:22: At destruction and famine thou shalt laugh: neither shalt thou be afraid of the beasts of the earth.
5:23: For thou shalt be in league with the stones of the field: and the beasts of the field shall be at peace with thee.
5:24: And thou shalt know that thy tabernacle shall be in peace; and thou shalt visit thy habitation, and shalt not sin.
5:25: Thou shalt know also that thy seed shall be great, and thine offspring as the grass of the earth.
5:26: Thou shalt come to thy grave in a full age, like as a shock of corn cometh in in his season.
5:27: Lo this, we have searched it, so it is; hear it, and know thou it for thy good.
6:1: But Job answered and said,
6:2: Oh that my grief were throughly weighed, and my calamity laid in the balances together! 
6:3: For now it would be heavier than the sand of the sea: therefore my words are swallowed up.
6:4: For the arrows of the Almighty are within me, the poison whereof drinketh up my spirit: the terrors of God do set themselves in array against me. 
6:5: Doth the wild ass bray when he hath grass?  or loweth the ox over his fodder? 
6:6: Can that which is unsavoury be eaten without salt?  or is there any taste in the white of an egg?
6:7: The things that my soul refused to touch are as my sorrowful meat.
6:8: Oh that I might have my request; and that God would grant me the thing that I long for!
6:9: Even that it would please God to destroy me; that he would let loose his hand, and cut me off!
6:10: Then should I yet have comfort; yea, I would harden myself in sorrow: let him not spare; for I have not concealed the words of the Holy One.
6:11: What is my strength, that I should hope?  and what is mine end, that I should prolong my life?
6:12: Is my strength the strength of stones?  or is my flesh of brass?
6:13: Is not my help in me?  and is wisdom driven quite from me?
6:14: To him that is afflicted pity should be shewed from his friend; but he forsaketh the fear of the Almighty.
6:15: My brethren have dealt deceitfully as a brook, and as the stream of brooks they pass away;
6:16: Which are blackish by reason of the ice, and wherein the snow is hid:
6:17: What time they wax warm, they vanish: when it is hot, they are consumed out of their place.
6:18: The paths of their way are turned aside; they go to nothing, and perish.
6:19: The troops of Tema looked, the companies of Sheba waited for them.
6:20: They were confounded because they had hoped; they came thither, and were ashamed.
6:21: For now ye are nothing; ye see my casting down, and are afraid.
6:22: Did I say, Bring unto me?  or, Give a reward for me of your substance?
6:23: Or, Deliver me from the enemy's hand?  or, Redeem me from the hand of the mighty?
6:24: Teach me, and I will hold my tongue: and cause me to understand wherein I have erred.
6:25: How forcible are right words!  but what doth your arguing reprove? 
6:26: Do ye imagine to reprove words, and the speeches of one that is desperate, which are as wind?
6:27: Yea, ye overwhelm the fatherless, and ye dig a pit for your friend. 
6:28: Now therefore be content, look upon me; for it is evident unto you if I lie. 
6:29: Return, I pray you, let it not be iniquity; yea, return again, my righteousness is in it.
6:30: Is there iniquity in my tongue?  cannot my taste discern perverse things?
7:1: Is there not an appointed time to man upon earth?  are not his days also like the days of an hireling?
7:2: As a servant earnestly desireth the shadow, and as an hireling looketh for the reward of his work:
7:3: So am I made to possess months of vanity, and wearisome nights are appointed to me.
7:4: When I lie down, I say, When shall I arise, and the night be gone?  and I am full of tossings to and fro unto the dawning of the day.
7:5: My flesh is clothed with worms and clods of dust; my skin is broken, and become loathsome.
7:6: My days are swifter than a weaver's shuttle, and are spent without hope.
7:7: O remember that my life is wind: mine eye shall no more see good.
7:8: The eye of him that hath seen me shall see me no more: thine eyes are upon me, and I am not.
7:9: As the cloud is consumed and vanisheth away: so he that goeth down to the grave shall come up no more.
7:10: He shall return no more to his house, neither shall his place know him any more.
7:11: Therefore I will not refrain my mouth; I will speak in the anguish of my spirit; I will complain in the bitterness of my soul.
7:12: Am I a sea, or a whale, that thou settest a watch over me?
7:13: When I say, My bed shall comfort me, my couch shall ease my complaint;
7:14: Then thou scarest me with dreams, and terrifiest me through visions:
7:15: So that my soul chooseth strangling, and death rather than my life.
7:16: I loathe it; I would not live alway: let me alone; for my days are vanity.
7:17: What is man, that thou shouldest magnify him?  and that thou shouldest set thine heart upon him? 
7:18: And that thou shouldest visit him every morning, and try him every moment?
7:19: How long wilt thou not depart from me, nor let me alone till I swallow down my spittle? 
7:20: I have sinned; what shall I do unto thee, O thou preserver of men?  why hast thou set me as a mark against thee, so that I am a burden to myself? 
7:21: And why dost thou not pardon my transgression, and take away mine iniquity?  for now shall I sleep in the dust; and thou shalt seek me in the morning, but I shall not be.
8:1: Then answered Bildad the Shuhite, and said,
8:2: How long wilt thou speak these things?  and how long shall the words of thy mouth be like a strong wind?
8:3: Doth God pervert judgment?  or doth the Almighty pervert justice?
8:4: If thy children have sinned against him, and he have cast them away for their transgression;
8:5: If thou wouldest seek unto God betimes, and make thy supplication to the Almighty;
8:6: If thou wert pure and upright; surely now he would awake for thee, and make the habitation of thy righteousness prosperous.
8:7: Though thy beginning was small, yet thy latter end should greatly increase. 
8:8: For enquire, I pray thee, of the former age, and prepare thyself to the search of their fathers:
8:9: (For we are but of yesterday, and know nothing, because our days upon earth are a shadow:) 
8:10: Shall not they teach thee, and tell thee, and utter words out of their heart? 
8:11: Can the rush grow up without mire?  can the flag grow without water?
8:12: Whilst it is yet in his greenness, and not cut down, it withereth before any other herb.
8:13: So are the paths of all that forget God; and the hypocrite's hope shall perish:
8:14: Whose hope shall be cut off, and whose trust shall be a spider's web.
8:15: He shall lean upon his house, but it shall not stand: he shall hold it fast, but it shall not endure.
8:16: He is green before the sun, and his branch shooteth forth in his garden.
8:17: His roots are wrapped about the heap, and seeth the place of stones.
8:18: If he destroy him from his place, then it shall deny him, saying, I have not seen thee.
8:19: Behold, this is the joy of his way, and out of the earth shall others grow.
8:20: Behold, God will not cast away a perfect man, neither will he help the evil doers:
8:21: Till he fill thy mouth with laughing, and thy lips with rejoicing.
8:22: They that hate thee shall be clothed with shame; and the dwelling place of the wicked shall come to nought.
9:1: Then Job answered and said,
9:2: I know it is so of a truth: but how should man be just with God?
9:3: If he will contend with him, he cannot answer him one of a thousand.
9:4: He is wise in heart, and mighty in strength: who hath hardened himself against him, and hath prospered?
9:5: Which removeth the mountains, and they know not: which overturneth them in his anger.
9:6: Which shaketh the earth out of her place, and the pillars thereof tremble.
9:7: Which commandeth the sun, and it riseth not; and sealeth up the stars. 
9:8: Which alone spreadeth out the heavens, and treadeth upon the waves of the sea.
9:9: Which maketh Arcturus, Orion, and Pleiades, and the chambers of the south. 
9:10: Which doeth great things past finding out; yea, and wonders without number. 
9:11: Lo, he goeth by me, and I see him not: he passeth on also, but I perceive him not.
9:12: Behold, he taketh away, who can hinder him?  who will say unto him, What doest thou?
9:13: If God will not withdraw his anger, the proud helpers do stoop under him.
9:14: How much less shall I answer him, and choose out my words to reason with him?
9:15: Whom, though I were righteous, yet would I not answer, but I would make supplication to my judge.
9:16: If I had called, and he had answered me; yet would I not believe that he had hearkened unto my voice.
9:17: For he breaketh me with a tempest, and multiplieth my wounds without cause.
9:18: He will not suffer me to take my breath, but filleth me with bitterness.
9:19: If I speak of strength, lo, he is strong: and if of judgment, who shall set me a time to plead?
9:20: If I justify myself, mine own mouth shall condemn me: if I say, I am perfect, it shall also prove me perverse.
9:21: Though I were perfect, yet would I not know my soul: I would despise my life.
9:22: This is one thing, therefore I said it, He destroyeth the perfect and the wicked.
9:23: If the scourge slay suddenly, he will laugh at the trial of the innocent.
9:24: The earth is given into the hand of the wicked: he covereth the faces of the judges thereof; if not, where, and who is he?
9:25: Now my days are swifter than a post: they flee away, they see no good.
9:26: They are passed away as the swift ships: as the eagle that hasteth to the prey.
9:27: If I say, I will forget my complaint, I will leave off my heaviness, and comfort myself:
9:28: I am afraid of all my sorrows, I know that thou wilt not hold me innocent.
9:29: If I be wicked, why then labour I in vain?
9:30: If I wash myself with snow water, and make my hands never so clean; 
9:31: Yet shalt thou plunge me in the ditch, and mine own clothes shall abhor me.
9:32: For he is not a man, as I am, that I should answer him, and we should come together in judgment. 
9:33: Neither is there any daysman betwixt us, that might lay his hand upon us both. 
9:34: Let him take his rod away from me, and let not his fear terrify me:
9:35: Then would I speak, and not fear him; but it is not so with me.
10:1: My soul is weary of my life; I will leave my complaint upon myself; I will speak in the bitterness of my soul.
10:2: I will say unto God, Do not condemn me; shew me wherefore thou contendest with me.
10:3: Is it good unto thee that thou shouldest oppress, that thou shouldest despise the work of thine hands, and shine upon the counsel of the wicked?
10:4: Hast thou eyes of flesh?  or seest thou as man seeth?
10:5: Are thy days as the days of man?  are thy years as man's days,
10:6: That thou enquirest after mine iniquity, and searchest after my sin?
10:7: Thou knowest that I am not wicked; and there is none that can deliver out of thine hand.
10:8: Thine hands have made me and fashioned me together round about; yet thou dost destroy me.
10:9: Remember, I beseech thee, that thou hast made me as the clay; and wilt thou bring me into dust again?
10:10: Hast thou not poured me out as milk, and curdled me like cheese?
10:11: Thou hast clothed me with skin and flesh, and hast fenced me with bones and sinews.
10:12: Thou hast granted me life and favour, and thy visitation hath preserved my spirit.
10:13: And these things hast thou hid in thine heart: I know that this is with thee.
10:14: If I sin, then thou markest me, and thou wilt not acquit me from mine iniquity.
10:15: If I be wicked, woe unto me; and if I be righteous, yet will I not lift up my head.  I am full of confusion; therefore see thou mine affliction;
10:16: For it increaseth.  Thou huntest me as a fierce lion: and again thou shewest thyself marvellous upon me.
10:17: Thou renewest thy witnesses against me, and increasest thine indignation upon me; changes and war are against me. 
10:18: Wherefore then hast thou brought me forth out of the womb?  Oh that I had given up the ghost, and no eye had seen me!
10:19: I should have been as though I had not been; I should have been carried from the womb to the grave. 
10:20: Are not my days few?  cease then, and let me alone, that I may take comfort a little, 
10:21: Before I go whence I shall not return, even to the land of darkness and the shadow of death;
10:22: A land of darkness, as darkness itself; and of the shadow of death, without any order, and where the light is as darkness.
11:1: Then answered Zophar the Naamathite, and said,
11:2: Should not the multitude of words be answered?  and should a man full of talk be justified?
11:3: Should thy lies make men hold their peace?  and when thou mockest, shall no man make thee ashamed?
11:4: For thou hast said, My doctrine is pure, and I am clean in thine eyes.
11:5: But oh that God would speak, and open his lips against thee;
11:6: And that he would shew thee the secrets of wisdom, that they are double to that which is!  Know therefore that God exacteth of thee less than thine iniquity deserveth.
11:7: Canst thou by searching find out God?  canst thou find out the Almighty unto perfection?
11:8: It is as high as heaven; what canst thou do?  deeper than hell; what canst thou know?
11:9: The measure thereof is longer than the earth, and broader than the sea.
11:10: If he cut off, and shut up, or gather together, then who can hinder him?
11:11: For he knoweth vain men: he seeth wickedness also; will he not then consider it?
11:12: For vain man would be wise, though man be born like a wild ass's colt.
11:13: If thou prepare thine heart, and stretch out thine hands toward him;
11:14: If iniquity be in thine hand, put it far away, and let not wickedness dwell in thy tabernacles.
11:15: For then shalt thou lift up thy face without spot; yea, thou shalt be stedfast, and shalt not fear:
11:16: Because thou shalt forget thy misery, and remember it as waters that pass away:
11:17: And thine age shall be clearer than the noonday; thou shalt shine forth, thou shalt be as the morning. 
11:18: And thou shalt be secure, because there is hope; yea, thou shalt dig about thee, and thou shalt take thy rest in safety.
11:19: Also thou shalt lie down, and none shall make thee afraid; yea, many shall make suit unto thee. 
11:20: But the eyes of the wicked shall fail, and they shall not escape, and their hope shall be as the giving up of the ghost. 
12:1: And Job answered and said,
12:2: No doubt but ye are the people, and wisdom shall die with you.
12:3: But I have understanding as well as you; I am not inferior to you: yea, who knoweth not such things as these?
12:4: I am as one mocked of his neighbour, who calleth upon God, and he answereth him: the just upright man is laughed to scorn.
12:5: He that is ready to slip with his feet is as a lamp despised in the thought of him that is at ease.
12:6: The tabernacles of robbers prosper, and they that provoke God are secure; into whose hand God bringeth abundantly.
12:7: But ask now the beasts, and they shall teach thee; and the fowls of the air, and they shall tell thee:
12:8: Or speak to the earth, and it shall teach thee: and the fishes of the sea shall declare unto thee.
12:9: Who knoweth not in all these that the hand of the LORD hath wrought this?
12:10: In whose hand is the soul of every living thing, and the breath of all mankind.
12:11: Doth not the ear try words?  and the mouth taste his meat?
12:12: With the ancient is wisdom; and in length of days understanding.
12:13: With him is wisdom and strength, he hath counsel and understanding.
12:14: Behold, he breaketh down, and it cannot be built again: he shutteth up a man, and there can be no opening.
12:15: Behold, he withholdeth the waters, and they dry up: also he sendeth them out, and they overturn the earth.
12:16: With him is strength and wisdom: the deceived and the deceiver are his.
12:17: He leadeth counsellers away spoiled, and maketh the judges fools.
12:18: He looseth the bond of kings, and girdeth their loins with a girdle.
12:19: He leadeth princes away spoiled, and overthroweth the mighty. 
12:20: He removeth away the speech of the trusty, and taketh away the understanding of the aged.
12:21: He poureth contempt upon princes, and weakeneth the strength of the mighty. 
12:22: He discovereth deep things out of darkness, and bringeth out to light the shadow of death. 
12:23: He increaseth the nations, and destroyeth them: he enlargeth the nations, and straiteneth them again.
12:24: He taketh away the heart of the chief of the people of the earth, and causeth them to wander in a wilderness where there is no way.
12:25: They grope in the dark without light, and he maketh them to stagger like a drunken man.
13:1: Lo, mine eye hath seen all this, mine ear hath heard and understood it.
13:2: What ye know, the same do I know also: I am not inferior unto you.
13:3: Surely I would speak to the Almighty, and I desire to reason with God.
13:4: But ye are forgers of lies, ye are all physicians of no value.
13:5: O that ye would altogether hold your peace!  and it should be your wisdom.
13:6: Hear now my reasoning, and hearken to the pleadings of my lips.
13:7: Will ye speak wickedly for God?  and talk deceitfully for him? 
13:8: Will ye accept his person?  will ye contend for God?
13:9: Is it good that he should search you out?  or as one man mocketh another, do ye so mock him? 
13:10: He will surely reprove you, if ye do secretly accept persons. 
13:11: Shall not his excellency make you afraid?  and his dread fall upon you?
13:12: Your remembrances are like unto ashes, your bodies to bodies of clay.
13:13: Hold your peace, let me alone, that I may speak, and let come on me what will.
13:14: Wherefore do I take my flesh in my teeth, and put my life in mine hand?
13:15: Though he slay me, yet will I trust in him: but I will maintain mine own ways before him.
13:16: He also shall be my salvation: for an hypocrite shall not come before him.
13:17: Hear diligently my speech, and my declaration with your ears.
13:18: Behold now, I have ordered my cause; I know that I shall be justified.
13:19: Who is he that will plead with me?  for now, if I hold my tongue, I shall give up the ghost.
13:20: Only do not two things unto me: then will I not hide myself from thee.
13:21: Withdraw thine hand far from me: and let not thy dread make me afraid.
13:22: Then call thou, and I will answer: or let me speak, and answer thou me.
13:23: How many are mine iniquities and sins?  make me to know my transgression and my sin.
13:24: Wherefore hidest thou thy face, and holdest me for thine enemy?
13:25: Wilt thou break a leaf driven to and fro?  and wilt thou pursue the dry stubble?
13:26: For thou writest bitter things against me, and makest me to possess the iniquities of my youth.
13:27: Thou puttest my feet also in the stocks, and lookest narrowly unto all my paths; thou settest a print upon the heels of my feet.
13:28: And he, as a rotten thing, consumeth, as a garment that is moth eaten.
14:1: Man that is born of a woman is of few days, and full of trouble. 
14:2: He cometh forth like a flower, and is cut down: he fleeth also as a shadow, and continueth not.
14:3: And dost thou open thine eyes upon such an one, and bringest me into judgment with thee? 
14:4: Who can bring a clean thing out of an unclean?  not one. 
14:5: Seeing his days are determined, the number of his months are with thee, thou hast appointed his bounds that he cannot pass;
14:6: Turn from him, that he may rest, till he shall accomplish, as an hireling, his day.
14:7: For there is hope of a tree, if it be cut down, that it will sprout again, and that the tender branch thereof will not cease.
14:8: Though the root thereof wax old in the earth, and the stock thereof die in the ground;
14:9: Yet through the scent of water it will bud, and bring forth boughs like a plant.
14:10: But man dieth, and wasteth away: yea, man giveth up the ghost, and where is he?
14:11: As the waters fail from the sea, and the flood decayeth and drieth up:
14:12: So man lieth down, and riseth not: till the heavens be no more, they shall not awake, nor be raised out of their sleep.
14:13: O that thou wouldest hide me in the grave, that thou wouldest keep me secret, until thy wrath be past, that thou wouldest appoint me a set time, and remember me!
14:14: If a man die, shall he live again?  all the days of my appointed time will I wait, till my change come.
14:15: Thou shalt call, and I will answer thee: thou wilt have a desire to the work of thine hands.
14:16: For now thou numberest my steps: dost thou not watch over my sin?
14:17: My transgression is sealed up in a bag, and thou sewest up mine iniquity.
14:18: And surely the mountain falling cometh to nought, and the rock is removed out of his place.
14:19: The waters wear the stones: thou washest away the things which grow out of the dust of the earth; and thou destroyest the hope of man.
14:20: Thou prevailest for ever against him, and he passeth: thou changest his countenance, and sendest him away.
14:21: His sons come to honour, and he knoweth it not; and they are brought low, but he perceiveth it not of them.
14:22: But his flesh upon him shall have pain, and his soul within him shall mourn.
15:1: Then answered Eliphaz the Temanite, and said, 
15:2: Should a wise man utter vain knowledge, and fill his belly with the east wind?
15:3: Should he reason with unprofitable talk?  or with speeches wherewith he can do no good? 
15:4: Yea, thou castest off fear, and restrainest prayer before God. 
15:5: For thy mouth uttereth thine iniquity, and thou choosest the tongue of the crafty.
15:6: Thine own mouth condemneth thee, and not I: yea, thine own lips testify against thee.
15:7: Art thou the first man that was born?  or wast thou made before the hills?
15:8: Hast thou heard the secret of God?  and dost thou restrain wisdom to thyself?
15:9: What knowest thou, that we know not?  what understandest thou, which is not in us?
15:10: With us are both the grayheaded and very aged men, much elder than thy father.
15:11: Are the consolations of God small with thee?  is there any secret thing with thee?
15:12: Why doth thine heart carry thee away?  and what do thy eyes wink at,
15:13: That thou turnest thy spirit against God, and lettest such words go out of thy mouth?
15:14: What is man, that he should be clean?  and he which is born of a woman, that he should be righteous?
15:15: Behold, he putteth no trust in his saints; yea, the heavens are not clean in his sight.
15:16: How much more abominable and filthy is man, which drinketh iniquity like water?
15:17: I will shew thee, hear me; and that which I have seen I will declare;
15:18: Which wise men have told from their fathers, and have not hid it:
15:19: Unto whom alone the earth was given, and no stranger passed among them.
15:20: The wicked man travaileth with pain all his days, and the number of years is hidden to the oppressor.
15:21: A dreadful sound is in his ears: in prosperity the destroyer shall come upon him.
15:22: He believeth not that he shall return out of darkness, and he is waited for of the sword.
15:23: He wandereth abroad for bread, saying, Where is it?  he knoweth that the day of darkness is ready at his hand.
15:24: Trouble and anguish shall make him afraid; they shall prevail against him, as a king ready to the battle. 
15:25: For he stretcheth out his hand against God, and strengtheneth himself against the Almighty.
15:26: He runneth upon him, even on his neck, upon the thick bosses of his bucklers: 
15:27: Because he covereth his face with his fatness, and maketh collops of fat on his flanks. 
15:28: And he dwelleth in desolate cities, and in houses which no man inhabiteth, which are ready to become heaps.
15:29: He shall not be rich, neither shall his substance continue, neither shall he prolong the perfection thereof upon the earth.
15:30: He shall not depart out of darkness; the flame shall dry up his branches, and by the breath of his mouth shall he go away.
15:31: Let not him that is deceived trust in vanity: for vanity shall be his recompence.
15:32: It shall be accomplished before his time, and his branch shall not be green.
15:33: He shall shake off his unripe grape as the vine, and shall cast off his flower as the olive.
15:34: For the congregation of hypocrites shall be desolate, and fire shall consume the tabernacles of bribery.
15:35: They conceive mischief, and bring forth vanity, and their belly prepareth deceit.
16:1: Then Job answered and said,
16:2: I have heard many such things: miserable comforters are ye all.
16:3: Shall vain words have an end?  or what emboldeneth thee that thou answerest?
16:4: I also could speak as ye do: if your soul were in my soul's stead, I could heap up words against you, and shake mine head at you.
16:5: But I would strengthen you with my mouth, and the moving of my lips should asswage your grief.
16:6: Though I speak, my grief is not asswaged: and though I forbear, what am I eased?
16:7: But now he hath made me weary: thou hast made desolate all my company.
16:8: And thou hast filled me with wrinkles, which is a witness against me: and my leanness rising up in me beareth witness to my face.
16:9: He teareth me in his wrath, who hateth me: he gnasheth upon me with his teeth; mine enemy sharpeneth his eyes upon me.
16:10: They have gaped upon me with their mouth; they have smitten me upon the cheek reproachfully; they have gathered themselves together against me.
16:11: God hath delivered me to the ungodly, and turned me over into the hands of the wicked. 
16:12: I was at ease, but he hath broken me asunder: he hath also taken me by my neck, and shaken me to pieces, and set me up for his mark.
16:13: His archers compass me round about, he cleaveth my reins asunder, and doth not spare; he poureth out my gall upon the ground. 
16:14: He breaketh me with breach upon breach, he runneth upon me like a giant. 
16:15: I have sewed sackcloth upon my skin, and defiled my horn in the dust.
16:16: My face is foul with weeping, and my eyelids is the shadow of death;
16:17: Not for any injustice in mine hands: also my prayer is pure.
16:18: O earth, cover not thou my blood, and let my cry have no place.
16:19: Also now, behold, my witness is in heaven, and my record is on high.
16:20: My friends scorn me: but mine eye poureth out tears unto God.
16:21: O that one might plead for a man with God, as a man pleadeth for his neighbour!
16:22: When a few years are come, then I shall go the way whence I shall not return.
17:1: My breath is corrupt, my days are extinct, the graves are ready for me.
17:2: Are there not mockers with me?  and doth not mine eye continue in their provocation?
17:3: Lay down now, put me in a surety with thee; who is he that will strike hands with me?
17:4: For thou hast hid their heart from understanding: therefore shalt thou not exalt them.
17:5: He that speaketh flattery to his friends, even the eyes of his children shall fail.
17:6: He hath made me also a byword of the people; and aforetime I was as a tabret.
17:7: Mine eye also is dim by reason of sorrow, and all my members are as a shadow.
17:8: Upright men shall be astonied at this, and the innocent shall stir up himself against the hypocrite.
17:9: The righteous also shall hold on his way, and he that hath clean hands shall be stronger and stronger.
17:10: But as for you all, do ye return, and come now: for I cannot find one wise man among you.
17:11: My days are past, my purposes are broken off, even the thoughts of my heart. 
17:12: They change the night into day: the light is short because of darkness.
17:13: If I wait, the grave is mine house: I have made my bed in the darkness. 
17:14: I have said to corruption, Thou art my father: to the worm, Thou are my mother, and my sister. 
17:15: And where is now my hope?  as for my hope, who shall see it?
17:16: They shall go down to the bars of the pit, when our rest together is in the dust.
18:1: Then answered Bildad the Shuhite, and said,
18:2: How long will it be ere ye make an end of words?  mark, and afterwards we will speak.
18:3: Wherefore are we counted as beasts, and reputed vile in your sight?
18:4: He teareth himself in his anger: shall the earth be forsaken for thee?  and shall the rock be removed out of his place?
18:5: Yea, the light of the wicked shall be put out, and the spark of his fire shall not shine.
18:6: The light shall be dark in his tabernacle, and his candle shall be put out with him.
18:7: The steps of his strength shall be straitened, and his own counsel shall cast him down.
18:8: For he is cast into a net by his own feet, and he walketh upon a snare. 
18:9: The gin shall take him by the heel, and the robber shall prevail against him.
18:10: The snare is laid for him in the ground, and a trap for him in the way. 
18:11: Terrors shall make him afraid on every side, and shall drive him to his feet. 
18:12: His strength shall be hungerbitten, and destruction shall be ready at his side.
18:13: It shall devour the strength of his skin: even the firstborn of death shall devour his strength.
18:14: His confidence shall be rooted out of his tabernacle, and it shall bring him to the king of terrors.
18:15: It shall dwell in his tabernacle, because it is none of his: brimstone shall be scattered upon his habitation.
18:16: His roots shall be dried up beneath, and above shall his branch be cut off.
18:17: His remembrance shall perish from the earth, and he shall have no name in the street.
18:18: He shall be driven from light into darkness, and chased out of the world.
18:19: He shall neither have son nor nephew among his people, nor any remaining in his dwellings.
18:20: They that come after him shall be astonied at his day, as they that went before were affrighted.
18:21: Surely such are the dwellings of the wicked, and this is the place of him that knoweth not God.
19:1: Then Job answered and said,
19:2: How long will ye vex my soul, and break me in pieces with words?
19:3: These ten times have ye reproached me: ye are not ashamed that ye make yourselves strange to me.
19:4: And be it indeed that I have erred, mine error remaineth with myself.
19:5: If indeed ye will magnify yourselves against me, and plead against me my reproach:
19:6: Know now that God hath overthrown me, and hath compassed me with his net.
19:7: Behold, I cry out of wrong, but I am not heard: I cry aloud, but there is no judgment.
19:8: He hath fenced up my way that I cannot pass, and he hath set darkness in my paths.
19:9: He hath stripped me of my glory, and taken the crown from my head. 
19:10: He hath destroyed me on every side, and I am gone: and mine hope hath he removed like a tree.
19:11: He hath also kindled his wrath against me, and he counteth me unto him as one of his enemies. 
19:12: His troops come together, and raise up their way against me, and encamp round about my tabernacle. 
19:13: He hath put my brethren far from me, and mine acquaintance are verily estranged from me.
19:14: My kinsfolk have failed, and my familiar friends have forgotten me.
19:15: They that dwell in mine house, and my maids, count me for a stranger: I am an alien in their sight.
19:16: I called my servant, and he gave me no answer; I intreated him with my mouth.
19:17: My breath is strange to my wife, though I intreated for the children's sake of mine own body.
19:18: Yea, young children despised me; I arose, and they spake against me.
19:19: All my inward friends abhorred me: and they whom I loved are turned against me.
19:20: My bone cleaveth to my skin and to my flesh, and I am escaped with the skin of my teeth.
19:21: Have pity upon me, have pity upon me, O ye my friends; for the hand of God hath touched me.
19:22: Why do ye persecute me as God, and are not satisfied with my flesh?
19:23: Oh that my words were now written!  oh that they were printed in a book!
19:24: That they were graven with an iron pen and lead in the rock for ever!
19:25: For I know that my redeemer liveth, and that he shall stand at the latter day upon the earth:
19:26: And though after my skin worms destroy this body, yet in my flesh shall I see God:
19:27: Whom I shall see for myself, and mine eyes shall behold, and not another; though my reins be consumed within me.
19:28: But ye should say, Why persecute we him, seeing the root of the matter is found in me?
19:29: Be ye afraid of the sword: for wrath bringeth the punishments of the sword, that ye may know there is a judgment.
20:1: Then answered Zophar the Naamathite, and said,
20:2: Therefore do my thoughts cause me to answer, and for this I make haste. 
20:3: I have heard the check of my reproach, and the spirit of my understanding causeth me to answer.
20:4: Knowest thou not this of old, since man was placed upon earth, 
20:5: That the triumphing of the wicked is short, and the joy of the hypocrite but for a moment? 
20:6: Though his excellency mount up to the heavens, and his head reach unto the clouds;
20:7: Yet he shall perish for ever like his own dung: they which have seen him shall say, Where is he?
20:8: He shall fly away as a dream, and shall not be found: yea, he shall be chased away as a vision of the night.
20:9: The eye also which saw him shall see him no more; neither shall his place any more behold him.
20:10: His children shall seek to please the poor, and his hands shall restore their goods.
20:11: His bones are full of the sin of his youth, which shall lie down with him in the dust.
20:12: Though wickedness be sweet in his mouth, though he hide it under his tongue;
20:13: Though he spare it, and forsake it not; but keep it still within his mouth:
20:14: Yet his meat in his bowels is turned, it is the gall of asps within him.
20:15: He hath swallowed down riches, and he shall vomit them up again: God shall cast them out of his belly.
20:16: He shall suck the poison of asps: the viper's tongue shall slay him.
20:17: He shall not see the rivers, the floods, the brooks of honey and butter.
20:18: That which he laboured for shall he restore, and shall not swallow it down: according to his substance shall the restitution be, and he shall not rejoice therein.
20:19: Because he hath oppressed and hath forsaken the poor; because he hath violently taken away an house which he builded not;
20:20: Surely he shall not feel quietness in his belly, he shall not save of that which he desired.
20:21: There shall none of his meat be left; therefore shall no man look for his goods.
20:22: In the fulness of his sufficiency he shall be in straits: every hand of the wicked shall come upon him.
20:23: When he is about to fill his belly, God shall cast the fury of his wrath upon him, and shall rain it upon him while he is eating.
20:24: He shall flee from the iron weapon, and the bow of steel shall strike him through.
20:25: It is drawn, and cometh out of the body; yea, the glittering sword cometh out of his gall: terrors are upon him. 
20:26: All darkness shall be hid in his secret places: a fire not blown shall consume him; it shall go ill with him that is left in his tabernacle.
20:27: The heaven shall reveal his iniquity; and the earth shall rise up against him. 
20:28: The increase of his house shall depart, and his goods shall flow away in the day of his wrath. 
20:29: This is the portion of a wicked man from God, and the heritage appointed unto him by God.
21:1: But Job answered and said,
21:2: Hear diligently my speech, and let this be your consolations.
21:3: Suffer me that I may speak; and after that I have spoken, mock on.
21:4: As for me, is my complaint to man?  and if it were so, why should not my spirit be troubled?
21:5: Mark me, and be astonished, and lay your hand upon your mouth.
21:6: Even when I remember I am afraid, and trembling taketh hold on my flesh.
21:7: Wherefore do the wicked live, become old, yea, are mighty in power?
21:8: Their seed is established in their sight with them, and their offspring before their eyes.
21:9: Their houses are safe from fear, neither is the rod of God upon them.
21:10: Their bull gendereth, and faileth not; their cow calveth, and casteth not her calf.
21:11: They send forth their little ones like a flock, and their children dance.
21:12: They take the timbrel and harp, and rejoice at the sound of the organ.
21:13: They spend their days in wealth, and in a moment go down to the grave.
21:14: Therefore they say unto God, Depart from us; for we desire not the knowledge of thy ways.
21:15: What is the Almighty, that we should serve him?  and what profit should we have, if we pray unto him?
21:16: Lo, their good is not in their hand: the counsel of the wicked is far from me.
21:17: How oft is the candle of the wicked put out!  and how oft cometh their destruction upon them!  God distributeth sorrows in his anger.
21:18: They are as stubble before the wind, and as chaff that the storm carrieth away. 
21:19: God layeth up his iniquity for his children: he rewardeth him, and he shall know it.
21:20: His eyes shall see his destruction, and he shall drink of the wrath of the Almighty. 
21:21: For what pleasure hath he in his house after him, when the number of his months is cut off in the midst? 
21:22: Shall any teach God knowledge?  seeing he judgeth those that are high.
21:23: One dieth in his full strength, being wholly at ease and quiet.
21:24: His breasts are full of milk, and his bones are moistened with marrow.
21:25: And another dieth in the bitterness of his soul, and never eateth with pleasure.
21:26: They shall lie down alike in the dust, and the worms shall cover them.
21:27: Behold, I know your thoughts, and the devices which ye wrongfully imagine against me.
21:28: For ye say, Where is the house of the prince?  and where are the dwelling places of the wicked?
21:29: Have ye not asked them that go by the way?  and do ye not know their tokens,
21:30: That the wicked is reserved to the day of destruction?  they shall be brought forth to the day of wrath.
21:31: Who shall declare his way to his face?  and who shall repay him what he hath done?
21:32: Yet shall he be brought to the grave, and shall remain in the tomb.
21:33: The clods of the valley shall be sweet unto him, and every man shall draw after him, as there are innumerable before him.
21:34: How then comfort ye me in vain, seeing in your answers there remaineth falsehood?
22:1: Then Eliphaz the Temanite answered and said,
22:2: Can a man be profitable unto God, as he that is wise may be profitable unto himself?
22:3: Is it any pleasure to the Almighty, that thou art righteous?  or is it gain to him that thou makest thy ways perfect?
22:4: Will he reprove thee for fear of thee?  will he enter with thee into judgment?
22:5: Is not thy wickedness great?  and thine iniquities infinite?
22:6: For thou hast taken a pledge from thy brother for nought, and stripped the naked of their clothing. 
22:7: Thou hast not given water to the weary to drink, and thou hast withholden bread from the hungry.
22:8: But as for the mighty man, he had the earth; and the honourable man dwelt in it. 
22:9: Thou has sent widows away empty, and the arms of the fatherless have been broken. 
22:10: Therefore snares are round about thee, and sudden fear troubleth thee;
22:11: Or darkness, that thou canst not see; and abundance of waters cover thee.
22:12: Is not God in the height of heaven?  and behold the height of the stars, how high they are!
22:13: And thou sayest, How doth God know?  can he judge through the dark cloud?
22:14: Thick clouds are a covering to him, that he seeth not; and he walketh in the circuit of heaven.
22:15: Hast thou marked the old way which wicked men have trodden?
22:16: Which were cut down out of time, whose foundation was overflown with a flood:
22:17: Which said unto God, Depart from us: and what can the Almighty do for them?
22:18: Yet he filled their houses with good things: but the counsel of the wicked is far from me.
22:19: The righteous see it, and are glad: and the innocent laugh them to scorn.
22:20: Whereas our substance is not cut down, but the remnant of them the fire consumeth.
22:21: Acquaint now thyself with him, and be at peace: thereby good shall come unto thee.
22:22: Receive, I pray thee, the law from his mouth, and lay up his words in thine heart. 
22:23: If thou return to the Almighty, thou shalt be built up, thou shalt put away iniquity far from thy tabernacles.
22:24: Then shalt thou lay up gold as dust, and the gold of Ophir as the stones of the brooks. 
22:25: Yea, the Almighty shall be thy defence, and thou shalt have plenty of silver. 
22:26: For then shalt thou have thy delight in the Almighty, and shalt lift up thy face unto God.
22:27: Thou shalt make thy prayer unto him, and he shall hear thee, and thou shalt pay thy vows.
22:28: Thou shalt also decree a thing, and it shall be established unto thee: and the light shall shine upon thy ways.
22:29: When men are cast down, then thou shalt say, There is lifting up; and he shall save the humble person.
22:30: He shall deliver the island of the innocent: and it is delivered by the pureness of thine hands.
23:1: Then Job answered and said,
23:2: Even to day is my complaint bitter: my stroke is heavier than my groaning.
23:3: Oh that I knew where I might find him!  that I might come even to his seat!
23:4: I would order my cause before him, and fill my mouth with arguments.
23:5: I would know the words which he would answer me, and understand what he would say unto me.
23:6: Will he plead against me with his great power?  No; but he would put strength in me.
23:7: There the righteous might dispute with him; so should I be delivered for ever from my judge.
23:8: Behold, I go forward, but he is not there; and backward, but I cannot perceive him:
23:9: On the left hand, where he doth work, but I cannot behold him: he hideth himself on the right hand, that I cannot see him:
23:10: But he knoweth the way that I take: when he hath tried me, I shall come forth as gold.
23:11: My foot hath held his steps, his way have I kept, and not declined.
23:12: Neither have I gone back from the commandment of his lips; I have esteemed the words of his mouth more than my necessary food.
23:13: But he is in one mind, and who can turn him?  and what his soul desireth, even that he doeth.
23:14: For he performeth the thing that is appointed for me: and many such things are with him. 
23:15: Therefore am I troubled at his presence: when I consider, I am afraid of him.
23:16: For God maketh my heart soft, and the Almighty troubleth me: 
23:17: Because I was not cut off before the darkness, neither hath he covered the darkness from my face. 
24:1: Why, seeing times are not hidden from the Almighty, do they that know him not see his days?
24:2: Some remove the landmarks; they violently take away flocks, and feed thereof.
24:3: They drive away the ass of the fatherless, they take the widow's ox for a pledge.
24:4: They turn the needy out of the way: the poor of the earth hide themselves together.
24:5: Behold, as wild asses in the desert, go they forth to their work; rising betimes for a prey: the wilderness yieldeth food for them and for their children.
24:6: They reap every one his corn in the field: and they gather the vintage of the wicked.
24:7: They cause the naked to lodge without clothing, that they have no covering in the cold.
24:8: They are wet with the showers of the mountains, and embrace the rock for want of a shelter.
24:9: They pluck the fatherless from the breast, and take a pledge of the poor.
24:10: They cause him to go naked without clothing, and they take away the sheaf from the hungry;
24:11: Which make oil within their walls, and tread their winepresses, and suffer thirst.
24:12: Men groan from out of the city, and the soul of the wounded crieth out: yet God layeth not folly to them.
24:13: They are of those that rebel against the light; they know not the ways thereof, nor abide in the paths thereof.
24:14: The murderer rising with the light killeth the poor and needy, and in the night is as a thief.
24:15: The eye also of the adulterer waiteth for the twilight, saying, No eye shall see me: and disguiseth his face.
24:16: In the dark they dig through houses, which they had marked for themselves in the daytime: they know not the light.
24:17: For the morning is to them even as the shadow of death: if one know them, they are in the terrors of the shadow of death.
24:18: He is swift as the waters; their portion is cursed in the earth: he beholdeth not the way of the vineyards.
24:19: Drought and heat consume the snow waters: so doth the grave those which have sinned. 
24:20: The womb shall forget him; the worm shall feed sweetly on him; he shall be no more remembered; and wickedness shall be broken as a tree.
24:21: He evil entreateth the barren that beareth not: and doeth not good to the widow. 
24:22: He draweth also the mighty with his power: he riseth up, and no man is sure of life. 
24:23: Though it be given him to be in safety, whereon he resteth; yet his eyes are upon their ways.
24:24: They are exalted for a little while, but are gone and brought low; they are taken out of the way as all other, and cut off as the tops of the ears of corn.
24:25: And if it be not so now, who will make me a liar, and make my speech nothing worth?
25:1: Then answered Bildad the Shuhite, and said,
25:2: Dominion and fear are with him, he maketh peace in his high places.
25:3: Is there any number of his armies?  and upon whom doth not his light arise?
25:4: How then can man be justified with God?  or how can he be clean that is born of a woman?
25:5: Behold even to the moon, and it shineth not; yea, the stars are not pure in his sight.
25:6: How much less man, that is a worm?  and the son of man, which is a worm?
26:1: But Job answered and said,
26:2: How hast thou helped him that is without power?  how savest thou the arm that hath no strength?
26:3: How hast thou counselled him that hath no wisdom?  and how hast thou plentifully declared the thing as it is?
26:4: To whom hast thou uttered words?  and whose spirit came from thee?
26:5: Dead things are formed from under the waters, and the inhabitants thereof.
26:6: Hell is naked before him, and destruction hath no covering.
26:7: He stretcheth out the north over the empty place, and hangeth the earth upon nothing.
26:8: He bindeth up the waters in his thick clouds; and the cloud is not rent under them.
26:9: He holdeth back the face of his throne, and spreadeth his cloud upon it. 
26:10: He hath compassed the waters with bounds, until the day and night come to an end.
26:11: The pillars of heaven tremble and are astonished at his reproof. 
26:12: He divideth the sea with his power, and by his understanding he smiteth through the proud. 
26:13: By his spirit he hath garnished the heavens; his hand hath formed the crooked serpent.
26:14: Lo, these are parts of his ways: but how little a portion is heard of him?  but the thunder of his power who can understand?
27:1: Moreover Job continued his parable, and said,
27:2: As God liveth, who hath taken away my judgment; and the Almighty, who hath vexed my soul;
27:3: All the while my breath is in me, and the spirit of God is in my nostrils;
27:4: My lips shall not speak wickedness, nor my tongue utter deceit.
27:5: God forbid that I should justify you: till I die I will not remove mine integrity from me.
27:6: My righteousness I hold fast, and will not let it go: my heart shall not reproach me so long as I live.
27:7: Let mine enemy be as the wicked, and he that riseth up against me as the unrighteous.
27:8: For what is the hope of the hypocrite, though he hath gained, when God taketh away his soul?
27:9: Will God hear his cry when trouble cometh upon him?
27:10: Will he delight himself in the Almighty?  will he always call upon God?
27:11: I will teach you by the hand of God: that which is with the Almighty will I not conceal.
27:12: Behold, all ye yourselves have seen it; why then are ye thus altogether vain?
27:13: This is the portion of a wicked man with God, and the heritage of oppressors, which they shall receive of the Almighty.
27:14: If his children be multiplied, it is for the sword: and his offspring shall not be satisfied with bread.
27:15: Those that remain of him shall be buried in death: and his widows shall not weep.
27:16: Though he heap up silver as the dust, and prepare raiment as the clay;
27:17: He may prepare it, but the just shall put it on, and the innocent shall divide the silver. 
27:18: He buildeth his house as a moth, and as a booth that the keeper maketh.
27:19: The rich man shall lie down, but he shall not be gathered: he openeth his eyes, and he is not. 
27:20: Terrors take hold on him as waters, a tempest stealeth him away in the night. 
27:21: The east wind carrieth him away, and he departeth: and as a storm hurleth him out of his place.
27:22: For God shall cast upon him, and not spare: he would fain flee out of his hand.
27:23: Men shall clap their hands at him, and shall hiss him out of his place.
28:1: Surely there is a vein for the silver, and a place for gold where they fine it.
28:2: Iron is taken out of the earth, and brass is molten out of the stone.
28:3: He setteth an end to darkness, and searcheth out all perfection: the stones of darkness, and the shadow of death.
28:4: The flood breaketh out from the inhabitant; even the waters forgotten of the foot: they are dried up, they are gone away from men.
28:5: As for the earth, out of it cometh bread: and under it is turned up as it were fire.
28:6: The stones of it are the place of sapphires: and it hath dust of gold.
28:7: There is a path which no fowl knoweth, and which the vulture's eye hath not seen:
28:8: The lion's whelps have not trodden it, nor the fierce lion passed by it.
28:9: He putteth forth his hand upon the rock; he overturneth the mountains by the roots.
28:10: He cutteth out rivers among the rocks; and his eye seeth every precious thing.
28:11: He bindeth the floods from overflowing; and the thing that is hid bringeth he forth to light.
28:12: But where shall wisdom be found?  and where is the place of understanding?
28:13: Man knoweth not the price thereof; neither is it found in the land of the living.
28:14: The depth saith, It is not in me: and the sea saith, It is not with me.
28:15: It cannot be gotten for gold, neither shall silver be weighed for the price thereof.
28:16: It cannot be valued with the gold of Ophir, with the precious onyx, or the sapphire. 
28:17: The gold and the crystal cannot equal it: and the exchange of it shall not be for jewels of fine gold.
28:18: No mention shall be made of coral, or of pearls: for the price of wisdom is above rubies. 
28:19: The topaz of Ethiopia shall not equal it, neither shall it be valued with pure gold. 
28:20: Whence then cometh wisdom?  and where is the place of understanding?
28:21: Seeing it is hid from the eyes of all living, and kept close from the fowls of the air.
28:22: Destruction and death say, We have heard the fame thereof with our ears.
28:23: God understandeth the way thereof, and he knoweth the place thereof.
28:24: For he looketh to the ends of the earth, and seeth under the whole heaven;
28:25: To make the weight for the winds; and he weigheth the waters by measure.
28:26: When he made a decree for the rain, and a way for the lightning of the thunder:
28:27: Then did he see it, and declare it; he prepared it, yea, and searched it out.
28:28: And unto man he said, Behold, the fear of the Lord, that is wisdom; and to depart from evil is understanding.
29:1: Moreover Job continued his parable, and said,
29:2: Oh that I were as in months past, as in the days when God preserved me; 
29:3: When his candle shined upon my head, and when by his light I walked through darkness; 
29:4: As I was in the days of my youth, when the secret of God was upon my tabernacle;
29:5: When the Almighty was yet with me, when my children were about me;
29:6: When I washed my steps with butter, and the rock poured me out rivers of oil;
29:7: When I went out to the gate through the city, when I prepared my seat in the street!
29:8: The young men saw me, and hid themselves: and the aged arose, and stood up.
29:9: The princes refrained talking, and laid their hand on their mouth.
29:10: The nobles held their peace, and their tongue cleaved to the roof of their mouth.
29:11: When the ear heard me, then it blessed me; and when the eye saw me, it gave witness to me:
29:12: Because I delivered the poor that cried, and the fatherless, and him that had none to help him.
29:13: The blessing of him that was ready to perish came upon me: and I caused the widow's heart to sing for joy.
29:14: I put on righteousness, and it clothed me: my judgment was as a robe and a diadem.
29:15: I was eyes to the blind, and feet was I to the lame.
29:16: I was a father to the poor: and the cause which I knew not I searched out.
29:17: And I brake the jaws of the wicked, and plucked the spoil out of his teeth.
29:18: Then I said, I shall die in my nest, and I shall multiply my days as the sand.
29:19: My root was spread out by the waters, and the dew lay all night upon my branch.
29:20: My glory was fresh in me, and my bow was renewed in my hand.
29:21: Unto me men gave ear, and waited, and kept silence at my counsel.
29:22: After my words they spake not again; and my speech dropped upon them.
29:23: And they waited for me as for the rain; and they opened their mouth wide as for the latter rain. 
29:24: If I laughed on them, they believed it not; and the light of my countenance they cast not down.
29:25: I chose out their way, and sat chief, and dwelt as a king in the army, as one that comforteth the mourners. 
30:1: But now they that are younger than I have me in derision, whose fathers I would have disdained to have set with the dogs of my flock.
30:2: Yea, whereto might the strength of their hands profit me, in whom old age was perished?
30:3: For want and famine they were solitary; fleeing into the wilderness in former time desolate and waste.
30:4: Who cut up mallows by the bushes, and juniper roots for their meat.
30:5: They were driven forth from among men, (they cried after them as after a thief;)
30:6: To dwell in the clifts of the valleys, in caves of the earth, and in the rocks.
30:7: Among the bushes they brayed; under the nettles they were gathered together.
30:8: They were children of fools, yea, children of base men: they were viler than the earth.
30:9: And now am I their song, yea, I am their byword.
30:10: They abhor me, they flee far from me, and spare not to spit in my face.
30:11: Because he hath loosed my cord, and afflicted me, they have also let loose the bridle before me.
30:12: Upon my right hand rise the youth; they push away my feet, and they raise up against me the ways of their destruction.
30:13: They mar my path, they set forward my calamity, they have no helper.
30:14: They came upon me as a wide breaking in of waters: in the desolation they rolled themselves upon me.
30:15: Terrors are turned upon me: they pursue my soul as the wind: and my welfare passeth away as a cloud.
30:16: And now my soul is poured out upon me; the days of affliction have taken hold upon me.
30:17: My bones are pierced in me in the night season: and my sinews take no rest.
30:18: By the great force of my disease is my garment changed: it bindeth me about as the collar of my coat.
30:19: He hath cast me into the mire, and I am become like dust and ashes.
30:20: I cry unto thee, and thou dost not hear me: I stand up, and thou regardest me not. 
30:21: Thou art become cruel to me: with thy strong hand thou opposest thyself against me.
30:22: Thou liftest me up to the wind; thou causest me to ride upon it, and dissolvest my substance. 
30:23: For I know that thou wilt bring me to death, and to the house appointed for all living. 
30:24: Howbeit he will not stretch out his hand to the grave, though they cry in his destruction.
30:25: Did not I weep for him that was in trouble?  was not my soul grieved for the poor?
30:26: When I looked for good, then evil came unto me: and when I waited for light, there came darkness.
30:27: My bowels boiled, and rested not: the days of affliction prevented me.
30:28: I went mourning without the sun: I stood up, and I cried in the congregation.
30:29: I am a brother to dragons, and a companion to owls.
30:30: My skin is black upon me, and my bones are burned with heat.
30:31: My harp also is turned to mourning, and my organ into the voice of them that weep.
31:1: I made a covenant with mine eyes; why then should I think upon a maid?
31:2: For what portion of God is there from above?  and what inheritance of the Almighty from on high?
31:3: Is not destruction to the wicked?  and a strange punishment to the workers of iniquity?
31:4: Doth not he see my ways, and count all my steps?
31:5: If I have walked with vanity, or if my foot hath hasted to deceit;
31:6: Let me be weighed in an even balance, that God may know mine integrity.
31:7: If my step hath turned out of the way, and mine heart walked after mine eyes, and if any blot hath cleaved to mine hands;
31:8: Then let me sow, and let another eat; yea, let my offspring be rooted out.
31:9: If mine heart have been deceived by a woman, or if I have laid wait at my neighbour's door;
31:10: Then let my wife grind unto another, and let others bow down upon her.
31:11: For this is an heinous crime; yea, it is an iniquity to be punished by the judges. 
31:12: For it is a fire that consumeth to destruction, and would root out all mine increase.
31:13: If I did despise the cause of my manservant or of my maidservant, when they contended with me; 
31:14: What then shall I do when God riseth up?  and when he visiteth, what shall I answer him? 
31:15: Did not he that made me in the womb make him?  and did not one fashion us in the womb?
31:16: If I have withheld the poor from their desire, or have caused the eyes of the widow to fail;
31:17: Or have eaten my morsel myself alone, and the fatherless hath not eaten thereof;
31:18: (For from my youth he was brought up with me, as with a father, and I have guided her from my mother's womb;)
31:19: If I have seen any perish for want of clothing, or any poor without covering;
31:20: If his loins have not blessed me, and if he were not warmed with the fleece of my sheep;
31:21: If I have lifted up my hand against the fatherless, when I saw my help in the gate:
31:22: Then let mine arm fall from my shoulder blade, and mine arm be broken from the bone.
31:23: For destruction from God was a terror to me, and by reason of his highness I could not endure.
31:24: If I have made gold my hope, or have said to the fine gold, Thou art my confidence;
31:25: If I rejoiced because my wealth was great, and because mine hand had gotten much;
31:26: If I beheld the sun when it shined, or the moon walking in brightness;
31:27: And my heart hath been secretly enticed, or my mouth hath kissed my hand:
31:28: This also were an iniquity to be punished by the judge: for I should have denied the God that is above.
31:29: If I rejoiced at the destruction of him that hated me, or lifted up myself when evil found him:
31:30: Neither have I suffered my mouth to sin by wishing a curse to his soul.
31:31: If the men of my tabernacle said not, Oh that we had of his flesh!  we cannot be satisfied.
31:32: The stranger did not lodge in the street: but I opened my doors to the traveller.
31:33: If I covered my transgressions as Adam, by hiding mine iniquity in my bosom:
31:34: Did I fear a great multitude, or did the contempt of families terrify me, that I kept silence, and went not out of the door? 
31:35: Oh that one would hear me!  behold, my desire is, that the Almighty would answer me, and that mine adversary had written a book.
31:36: Surely I would take it upon my shoulder, and bind it as a crown to me. 
31:37: I would declare unto him the number of my steps; as a prince would I go near unto him. 
31:38: If my land cry against me, or that the furrows likewise thereof complain;
31:39: If I have eaten the fruits thereof without money, or have caused the owners thereof to lose their life:
31:40: Let thistles grow instead of wheat, and cockle instead of barley.  The words of Job are ended.
32:1: So these three men ceased to answer Job, because he was righteous in his own eyes.
32:2: Then was kindled the wrath of Elihu the son of Barachel the Buzite, of the kindred of Ram: against Job was his wrath kindled, because he justified himself rather than God.
32:3: Also against his three friends was his wrath kindled, because they had found no answer, and yet had condemned Job.
32:4: Now Elihu had waited till Job had spoken, because they were elder than he.
32:5: When Elihu saw that there was no answer in the mouth of these three men, then his wrath was kindled.
32:6: And Elihu the son of Barachel the Buzite answered and said, I am young, and ye are very old; wherefore I was afraid, and durst not shew you mine opinion.
32:7: I said, Days should speak, and multitude of years should teach wisdom.
32:8: But there is a spirit in man: and the inspiration of the Almighty giveth them understanding.
32:9: Great men are not always wise: neither do the aged understand judgment.
32:10: Therefore I said, Hearken to me; I also will shew mine opinion.
32:11: Behold, I waited for your words; I gave ear to your reasons, whilst ye searched out what to say.
32:12: Yea, I attended unto you, and, behold, there was none of you that convinced Job, or that answered his words:
32:13: Lest ye should say, We have found out wisdom: God thrusteth him down, not man.
32:14: Now he hath not directed his words against me: neither will I answer him with your speeches.
32:15: They were amazed, they answered no more: they left off speaking.
32:16: When I had waited, (for they spake not, but stood still, and answered no more;) 
32:17: I said, I will answer also my part, I also will shew mine opinion.
32:18: For I am full of matter, the spirit within me constraineth me. 
32:19: Behold, my belly is as wine which hath no vent; it is ready to burst like new bottles. 
32:20: I will speak, that I may be refreshed: I will open my lips and answer.
32:21: Let me not, I pray you, accept any man's person, neither let me give flattering titles unto man.
32:22: For I know not to give flattering titles; in so doing my maker would soon take me away.
33:1: Wherefore, Job, I pray thee, hear my speeches, and hearken to all my words.
33:2: Behold, now I have opened my mouth, my tongue hath spoken in my mouth.
33:3: My words shall be of the uprightness of my heart: and my lips shall utter knowledge clearly.
33:4: The Spirit of God hath made me, and the breath of the Almighty hath given me life.
33:5: If thou canst answer me, set thy words in order before me, stand up.
33:6: Behold, I am according to thy wish in God's stead: I also am formed out of the clay. 
33:7: Behold, my terror shall not make thee afraid, neither shall my hand be heavy upon thee.
33:8: Surely thou hast spoken in mine hearing, and I have heard the voice of thy words, saying, 
33:9: I am clean without transgression, I am innocent; neither is there iniquity in me. 
33:10: Behold, he findeth occasions against me, he counteth me for his enemy,
33:11: He putteth my feet in the stocks, he marketh all my paths.
33:12: Behold, in this thou art not just: I will answer thee, that God is greater than man.
33:13: Why dost thou strive against him?  for he giveth not account of any of his matters.
33:14: For God speaketh once, yea twice, yet man perceiveth it not.
33:15: In a dream, in a vision of the night, when deep sleep falleth upon men, in slumberings upon the bed;
33:16: Then he openeth the ears of men, and sealeth their instruction,
33:17: That he may withdraw man from his purpose, and hide pride from man.
33:18: He keepeth back his soul from the pit, and his life from perishing by the sword.
33:19: He is chastened also with pain upon his bed, and the multitude of his bones with strong pain:
33:20: So that his life abhorreth bread, and his soul dainty meat.
33:21: His flesh is consumed away, that it cannot be seen; and his bones that were not seen stick out.
33:22: Yea, his soul draweth near unto the grave, and his life to the destroyers.
33:23: If there be a messenger with him, an interpreter, one among a thousand, to shew unto man his uprightness:
33:24: Then he is gracious unto him, and saith, Deliver him from going down to the pit: I have found a ransom.
33:25: His flesh shall be fresher than a child's: he shall return to the days of his youth:
33:26: He shall pray unto God, and he will be favourable unto him: and he shall see his face with joy: for he will render unto man his righteousness.
33:27: He looketh upon men, and if any say, I have sinned, and perverted that which was right, and it profited me not;
33:28: He will deliver his soul from going into the pit, and his life shall see the light.
33:29: Lo, all these things worketh God oftentimes with man, 
33:30: To bring back his soul from the pit, to be enlightened with the light of the living.
33:31: Mark well, O Job, hearken unto me: hold thy peace, and I will speak. 
33:32: If thou hast any thing to say, answer me: speak, for I desire to justify thee. 
33:33: If not, hearken unto me: hold thy peace, and I shall teach thee wisdom.
34:1: Furthermore Elihu answered and said,
34:2: Hear my words, O ye wise men; and give ear unto me, ye that have knowledge.
34:3: For the ear trieth words, as the mouth tasteth meat.
34:4: Let us choose to us judgment: let us know among ourselves what is good.
34:5: For Job hath said, I am righteous: and God hath taken away my judgment.
34:6: Should I lie against my right?  my wound is incurable without transgression.
34:7: What man is like Job, who drinketh up scorning like water?
34:8: Which goeth in company with the workers of iniquity, and walketh with wicked men.
34:9: For he hath said, It profiteth a man nothing that he should delight himself with God.
34:10: Therefore hearken unto me, ye men of understanding: far be it from God, that he should do wickedness; and from the Almighty, that he should commit iniquity.
34:11: For the work of a man shall he render unto him, and cause every man to find according to his ways.
34:12: Yea, surely God will not do wickedly, neither will the Almighty pervert judgment.
34:13: Who hath given him a charge over the earth?  or who hath disposed the whole world?
34:14: If he set his heart upon man, if he gather unto himself his spirit and his breath;
34:15: All flesh shall perish together, and man shall turn again unto dust.
34:16: If now thou hast understanding, hear this: hearken to the voice of my words.
34:17: Shall even he that hateth right govern?  and wilt thou condemn him that is most just?
34:18: Is it fit to say to a king, Thou art wicked?  and to princes, Ye are ungodly? 
34:19: How much less to him that accepteth not the persons of princes, nor regardeth the rich more than the poor?  for they all are the work of his hands.
34:20: In a moment shall they die, and the people shall be troubled at midnight, and pass away: and the mighty shall be taken away without hand. 
34:21: For his eyes are upon the ways of man, and he seeth all his goings. 
34:22: There is no darkness, nor shadow of death, where the workers of iniquity may hide themselves.
34:23: For he will not lay upon man more than right; that he should enter into judgment with God.
34:24: He shall break in pieces mighty men without number, and set others in their stead.
34:25: Therefore he knoweth their works, and he overturneth them in the night, so that they are destroyed.
34:26: He striketh them as wicked men in the open sight of others;
34:27: Because they turned back from him, and would not consider any of his ways:
34:28: So that they cause the cry of the poor to come unto him, and he heareth the cry of the afflicted.
34:29: When he giveth quietness, who then can make trouble?  and when he hideth his face, who then can behold him?  whether it be done against a nation, or against a man only:
34:30: That the hypocrite reign not, lest the people be ensnared.
34:31: Surely it is meet to be said unto God, I have borne chastisement, I will not offend any more:
34:32: That which I see not teach thou me: if I have done iniquity, I will do no more.
34:33: Should it be according to thy mind?  he will recompense it, whether thou refuse, or whether thou choose; and not I: therefore speak what thou knowest.
34:34: Let men of understanding tell me, and let a wise man hearken unto me.
34:35: Job hath spoken without knowledge, and his words were without wisdom.
34:36: My desire is that Job may be tried unto the end because of his answers for wicked men.
34:37: For he addeth rebellion unto his sin, he clappeth his hands among us, and multiplieth his words against God.
35:1: Elihu spake moreover, and said,
35:2: Thinkest thou this to be right, that thou saidst, My righteousness is more than God's?
35:3: For thou saidst, What advantage will it be unto thee?  and, What profit shall I have, if I be cleansed from my sin? 
35:4: I will answer thee, and thy companions with thee.
35:5: Look unto the heavens, and see; and behold the clouds which are higher than thou. 
35:6: If thou sinnest, what doest thou against him?  or if thy transgressions be multiplied, what doest thou unto him? 
35:7: If thou be righteous, what givest thou him?  or what receiveth he of thine hand?
35:8: Thy wickedness may hurt a man as thou art; and thy righteousness may profit the son of man.
35:9: By reason of the multitude of oppressions they make the oppressed to cry: they cry out by reason of the arm of the mighty.
35:10: But none saith, Where is God my maker, who giveth songs in the night;
35:11: Who teacheth us more than the beasts of the earth, and maketh us wiser than the fowls of heaven?
35:12: There they cry, but none giveth answer, because of the pride of evil men.
35:13: Surely God will not hear vanity, neither will the Almighty regard it.
35:14: Although thou sayest thou shalt not see him, yet judgment is before him; therefore trust thou in him.
35:15: But now, because it is not so, he hath visited in his anger; yet he knoweth it not in great extremity:
35:16: Therefore doth Job open his mouth in vain; he multiplieth words without knowledge.
36:1: Elihu also proceeded, and said,
36:2: Suffer me a little, and I will shew thee that I have yet to speak on God's behalf.
36:3: I will fetch my knowledge from afar, and will ascribe righteousness to my Maker.
36:4: For truly my words shall not be false: he that is perfect in knowledge is with thee.
36:5: Behold, God is mighty, and despiseth not any: he is mighty in strength and wisdom.
36:6: He preserveth not the life of the wicked: but giveth right to the poor.
36:7: He withdraweth not his eyes from the righteous: but with kings are they on the throne; yea, he doth establish them for ever, and they are exalted.
36:8: And if they be bound in fetters, and be holden in cords of affliction;
36:9: Then he sheweth them their work, and their transgressions that they have exceeded. 
36:10: He openeth also their ear to discipline, and commandeth that they return from iniquity.
36:11: If they obey and serve him, they shall spend their days in prosperity, and their years in pleasures. 
36:12: But if they obey not, they shall perish by the sword, and they shall die without knowledge. 
36:13: But the hypocrites in heart heap up wrath: they cry not when he bindeth them.
36:14: They die in youth, and their life is among the unclean.
36:15: He delivereth the poor in his affliction, and openeth their ears in oppression.
36:16: Even so would he have removed thee out of the strait into a broad place, where there is no straitness; and that which should be set on thy table should be full of fatness.
36:17: But thou hast fulfilled the judgment of the wicked: judgment and justice take hold on thee.
36:18: Because there is wrath, beware lest he take thee away with his stroke: then a great ransom cannot deliver thee.
36:19: Will he esteem thy riches?  no, not gold, nor all the forces of strength.
36:20: Desire not the night, when people are cut off in their place.
36:21: Take heed, regard not iniquity: for this hast thou chosen rather than affliction.
36:22: Behold, God exalteth by his power: who teacheth like him?
36:23: Who hath enjoined him his way?  or who can say, Thou hast wrought iniquity?
36:24: Remember that thou magnify his work, which men behold.
36:25: Every man may see it; man may behold it afar off.
36:26: Behold, God is great, and we know him not, neither can the number of his years be searched out.
36:27: For he maketh small the drops of water: they pour down rain according to the vapour thereof:
36:28: Which the clouds do drop and distil upon man abundantly.
36:29: Also can any understand the spreadings of the clouds, or the noise of his tabernacle?
36:30: Behold, he spreadeth his light upon it, and covereth the bottom of the sea.
36:31: For by them judgeth he the people; he giveth meat in abundance.
36:32: With clouds he covereth the light; and commandeth it not to shine by the cloud that cometh betwixt. 
36:33: The noise thereof sheweth concerning it, the cattle also concerning the vapour.
37:1: At this also my heart trembleth, and is moved out of his place. 
37:2: Hear attentively the noise of his voice, and the sound that goeth out of his mouth.
37:3: He directeth it under the whole heaven, and his lightning unto the ends of the earth.
37:4: After it a voice roareth: he thundereth with the voice of his excellency; and he will not stay them when his voice is heard.
37:5: God thundereth marvellously with his voice; great things doeth he, which we cannot comprehend.
37:6: For he saith to the snow, Be thou on the earth; likewise to the small rain, and to the great rain of his strength.
37:7: He sealeth up the hand of every man; that all men may know his work.
37:8: Then the beasts go into dens, and remain in their places.
37:9: Out of the south cometh the whirlwind: and cold out of the north.
37:10: By the breath of God frost is given: and the breadth of the waters is straitened.
37:11: Also by watering he wearieth the thick cloud: he scattereth his bright cloud:
37:12: And it is turned round about by his counsels: that they may do whatsoever he commandeth them upon the face of the world in the earth.
37:13: He causeth it to come, whether for correction, or for his land, or for mercy.
37:14: Hearken unto this, O  stand still, and consider the wondrous works of God. 
37:15: Dost thou know when God disposed them, and caused the light of his cloud to shine?
37:16: Dost thou know the balancings of the clouds, the wondrous works of him which is perfect in knowledge? 
37:17: How thy garments are warm, when he quieteth the earth by the south wind? 
37:18: Hast thou with him spread out the sky, which is strong, and as a molten looking glass?
37:19: Teach us what we shall say unto him; for we cannot order our speech by reason of darkness.
37:20: Shall it be told him that I speak?  if a man speak, surely he shall be swallowed up.
37:21: And now men see not the bright light which is in the clouds: but the wind passeth, and cleanseth them.
37:22: Fair weather cometh out of the north: with God is terrible majesty.
37:23: Touching the Almighty, we cannot find him out: he is excellent in power, and in judgment, and in plenty of justice: he will not afflict.
37:24: Men do therefore fear him: he respecteth not any that are wise of heart.
38:1: Then the LORD answered Job out of the whirlwind, and said,
38:2: Who is this that darkeneth counsel by words without knowledge?
38:3: Gird up now thy loins like a man; for I will demand of thee, and answer thou me.
38:4: Where wast thou when I laid the foundations of the earth?  declare, if thou hast understanding.
38:5: Who hath laid the measures thereof, if thou knowest?  or who hath stretched the line upon it?
38:6: Whereupon are the foundations thereof fastened?  or who laid the corner stone thereof;
38:7: When the morning stars sang together, and all the sons of God shouted for joy?
38:8: Or who shut up the sea with doors, when it brake forth, as if it had issued out of the womb?
38:9: When I made the cloud the garment thereof, and thick darkness a swaddlingband for it,
38:10: And brake up for it my decreed place, and set bars and doors,
38:11: And said, Hitherto shalt thou come, but no further: and here shall thy proud waves be stayed?
38:12: Hast thou commanded the morning since thy days; and caused the dayspring to know his place; 
38:13: That it might take hold of the ends of the earth, that the wicked might be shaken out of it?
38:14: It is turned as clay to the seal; and they stand as a garment. 
38:15: And from the wicked their light is withholden, and the high arm shall be broken. 
38:16: Hast thou entered into the springs of the sea?  or hast thou walked in the search of the depth?
38:17: Have the gates of death been opened unto thee?  or hast thou seen the doors of the shadow of death?
38:18: Hast thou perceived the breadth of the earth?  declare if thou knowest it all.
38:19: Where is the way where light dwelleth?  and as for darkness, where is the place thereof,
38:20: That thou shouldest take it to the bound thereof, and that thou shouldest know the paths to the house thereof?
38:21: Knowest thou it, because thou wast then born?  or because the number of thy days is great?
38:22: Hast thou entered into the treasures of the snow?  or hast thou seen the treasures of the hail,
38:23: Which I have reserved against the time of trouble, against the day of battle and war?
38:24: By what way is the light parted, which scattereth the east wind upon the earth?
38:25: Who hath divided a watercourse for the overflowing of waters, or a way for the lightning of thunder;
38:26: To cause it to rain on the earth, where no man is; on the wilderness, wherein there is no man;
38:27: To satisfy the desolate and waste ground; and to cause the bud of the tender herb to spring forth?
38:28: Hath the rain a father?  or who hath begotten the drops of dew?
38:29: Out of whose womb came the ice?  and the hoary frost of heaven, who hath gendered it?
38:30: The waters are hid as with a stone, and the face of the deep is frozen.
38:31: Canst thou bind the sweet influences of Pleiades, or loose the bands of Orion?
38:32: Canst thou bring forth Mazzaroth in his season?  or canst thou guide Arcturus with his sons?
38:33: Knowest thou the ordinances of heaven?  canst thou set the dominion thereof in the earth?
38:34: Canst thou lift up thy voice to the clouds, that abundance of waters may cover thee?
38:35: Canst thou send lightnings, that they may go, and say unto thee, Here we are? 
38:36: Who hath put wisdom in the inward parts?  or who hath given understanding to the heart?
38:37: Who can number the clouds in wisdom?  or who can stay the bottles of heaven, 
38:38: When the dust groweth into hardness, and the clods cleave fast together? 
38:39: Wilt thou hunt the prey for the lion?  or fill the appetite of the young lions,
38:40: When they couch in their dens, and abide in the covert to lie in wait?
38:41: Who provideth for the raven his food?  when his young ones cry unto God, they wander for lack of meat.
39:1: Knowest thou the time when the wild goats of the rock bring forth?  or canst thou mark when the hinds do calve?
39:2: Canst thou number the months that they fulfil?  or knowest thou the time when they bring forth?
39:3: They bow themselves, they bring forth their young ones, they cast out their sorrows.
39:4: Their young ones are in good liking, they grow up with corn; they go forth, and return not unto them.
39:5: Who hath sent out the wild ass free?  or who hath loosed the bands of the wild ass?
39:6: Whose house I have made the wilderness, and the barren land his dwellings.
39:7: He scorneth the multitude of the city, neither regardeth he the crying of the driver.
39:8: The range of the mountains is his pasture, and he searcheth after every green thing.
39:9: Will the unicorn be willing to serve thee, or abide by thy crib?
39:10: Canst thou bind the unicorn with his band in the furrow?  or will he harrow the valleys after thee?
39:11: Wilt thou trust him, because his strength is great?  or wilt thou leave thy labour to him?
39:12: Wilt thou believe him, that he will bring home thy seed, and gather it into thy barn?
39:13: Gavest thou the goodly wings unto the peacocks?  or wings and feathers unto the ostrich?
39:14: Which leaveth her eggs in the earth, and warmeth them in dust,
39:15: And forgetteth that the foot may crush them, or that the wild beast may break them.
39:16: She is hardened against her young ones, as though they were not hers: her labour is in vain without fear; 
39:17: Because God hath deprived her of wisdom, neither hath he imparted to her understanding.
39:18: What time she lifteth up herself on high, she scorneth the horse and his rider. 
39:19: Hast thou given the horse strength?  hast thou clothed his neck with thunder? 
39:20: Canst thou make him afraid as a grasshopper?  the glory of his nostrils is terrible.
39:21: He paweth in the valley, and rejoiceth in his strength: he goeth on to meet the armed men.
39:22: He mocketh at fear, and is not affrighted; neither turneth he back from the sword.
39:23: The quiver rattleth against him, the glittering spear and the shield.
39:24: He swalloweth the ground with fierceness and rage: neither believeth he that it is the sound of the trumpet.
39:25: He saith among the trumpets, Ha, ha; and he smelleth the battle afar off, the thunder of the captains, and the shouting.
39:26: Doth the hawk fly by thy wisdom, and stretch her wings toward the south?
39:27: Doth the eagle mount up at thy command, and make her nest on high?
39:28: She dwelleth and abideth on the rock, upon the crag of the rock, and the strong place.
39:29: From thence she seeketh the prey, and her eyes behold afar off.
39:30: Her young ones also suck up blood: and where the slain are, there is she.
40:1: Moreover the LORD answered Job, and said,
40:2: Shall he that contendeth with the Almighty instruct him?  he that reproveth God, let him answer it.
40:3: Then Job answered the LORD, and said,
40:4: Behold, I am vile; what shall I answer thee?  I will lay mine hand upon my mouth.
40:5: Once have I spoken; but I will not answer: yea, twice; but I will proceed no further.
40:6: Then answered the LORD unto Job out of the whirlwind, and said,
40:7: Gird up thy loins now like a man: I will demand of thee, and declare thou unto me.
40:8: Wilt thou also disannul my judgment?  wilt thou condemn me, that thou mayest be righteous? 
40:9: Hast thou an arm like God?  or canst thou thunder with a voice like him?
40:10: Deck thyself now with majesty and excellency; and array thyself with glory and beauty. 
40:11: Cast abroad the rage of thy wrath: and behold every one that is proud, and abase him. 
40:12: Look on every one that is proud, and bring him low; and tread down the wicked in their place.
40:13: Hide them in the dust together; and bind their faces in secret.
40:14: Then will I also confess unto thee that thine own right hand can save thee.
40:15: Behold now behemoth, which I made with thee; he eateth grass as an ox.
40:16: Lo now, his strength is in his loins, and his force is in the navel of his belly.
40:17: He moveth his tail like a cedar: the sinews of his stones are wrapped together.
40:18: His bones are as strong pieces of brass; his bones are like bars of iron.
40:19: He is the chief of the ways of God: he that made him can make his sword to approach unto him.
40:20: Surely the mountains bring him forth food, where all the beasts of the field play.
40:21: He lieth under the shady trees, in the covert of the reed, and fens.
40:22: The shady trees cover him with their shadow; the willows of the brook compass him about.
40:23: Behold, he drinketh up a river, and hasteth not: he trusteth that he can draw up Jordan into his mouth.
40:24: He taketh it with his eyes: his nose pierceth through snares.
41:1: Canst thou draw out leviathan with an hook?  or his tongue with a cord which thou lettest down?
41:2: Canst thou put an hook into his nose?  or bore his jaw through with a thorn?
41:3: Will he make many supplications unto thee?  will he speak soft words unto thee?
41:4: Will he make a covenant with thee?  wilt thou take him for a servant for ever?
41:5: Wilt thou play with him as with a bird?  or wilt thou bind him for thy maidens?
41:6: Shall the companions make a banquet of him?  shall they part him among the merchants? 
41:7: Canst thou fill his skin with barbed iron?  or his head with fish spears?
41:8: Lay thine hand upon him, remember the battle, do no more. 
41:9: Behold, the hope of him is in vain: shall not one be cast down even at the sight of him? 
41:10: None is so fierce that dare stir him up: who then is able to stand before me?
41:11: Who hath prevented me, that I should repay him?  whatsoever is under the whole heaven is mine.
41:12: I will not conceal his parts, nor his power, nor his comely proportion.
41:13: Who can discover the face of his garment?  or who can come to him with his double bridle?
41:14: Who can open the doors of his face?  his teeth are terrible round about.
41:15: His scales are his pride, shut up together as with a close seal.
41:16: One is so near to another, that no air can come between them.
41:17: They are joined one to another, they stick together, that they cannot be sundered.
41:18: By his neesings a light doth shine, and his eyes are like the eyelids of the morning.
41:19: Out of his mouth go burning lamps, and sparks of fire leap out.
41:20: Out of his nostrils goeth smoke, as out of a seething pot or caldron.
41:21: His breath kindleth coals, and a flame goeth out of his mouth.
41:22: In his neck remaineth strength, and sorrow is turned into joy before him. 
41:23: The flakes of his flesh are joined together: they are firm in themselves; they cannot be moved.
41:24: His heart is as firm as a stone; yea, as hard as a piece of the nether millstone. 
41:25: When he raiseth up himself, the mighty are afraid: by reason of breakings they purify themselves. 
41:26: The sword of him that layeth at him cannot hold: the spear, the dart, nor the habergeon.
41:27: He esteemeth iron as straw, and brass as rotten wood.
41:28: The arrow cannot make him flee: slingstones are turned with him into stubble.
41:29: Darts are counted as stubble: he laugheth at the shaking of a spear.
41:30: Sharp stones are under him: he spreadeth sharp pointed things upon the mire.
41:31: He maketh the deep to boil like a pot: he maketh the sea like a pot of ointment.
41:32: He maketh a path to shine after him; one would think the deep to be hoary.
41:33: Upon earth there is not his like, who is made without fear.
41:34: He beholdeth all high things: he is a king over all the children of pride.
42:1: Then Job answered the LORD, and said,
42:2: I know that thou canst do every thing, and that no thought can be withholden from thee.
42:3: Who is he that hideth counsel without knowledge?  therefore have I uttered that I understood not; things too wonderful for me, which I knew not.
42:4: Hear, I beseech thee, and I will speak: I will demand of thee, and declare thou unto me.
42:5: I have heard of thee by the hearing of the ear: but now mine eye seeth thee.
42:6: Wherefore I abhor myself, and repent in dust and ashes.
42:7: And it was so, that after the LORD had spoken these words unto Job, the LORD said to Eliphaz the Temanite, My wrath is kindled against thee, and against thy two friends: for ye have not spoken of me the thing that is right, as my servant Job hath.
42:8: Therefore take unto you now seven bullocks and seven rams, and go to my servant Job, and offer up for yourselves a burnt offering; and my servant Job shall pray for you: for him will I accept: lest I deal with you after your folly, in that ye have not spoken of me the thing which is right, like my servant Job.
42:9: So Eliphaz the Temanite and Bildad the Shuhite and Zophar the Naamathite went, and did according as the LORD commanded them: the LORD also accepted Job.
42:10: And the LORD turned the captivity of Job, when he prayed for his friends: also the LORD gave Job twice as much as he had before. 
42:11: Then came there unto him all his brethren, and all his sisters, and all they that had been of his acquaintance before, and did eat bread with him in his house: and they bemoaned him, and comforted him over all the evil that the LORD had brought upon him: every man also gave him a piece of money, and every one an earring of gold.
42:12: So the LORD blessed the latter end of Job more than his beginning: for he had fourteen thousand sheep, and six thousand camels, and a thousand yoke of oxen, and a thousand she asses. 
42:13: He had also seven sons and three daughters. 
42:14: And he called the name of the first, Jemima; and the name of the second, Kezia; and the name of the third, Keren-happuch.
42:15: And in all the land were no women found so fair as the daughters of  and their father gave them inheritance among their brethren.
42:16: After this lived Job an hundred and forty years, and saw his sons, and his sons' sons, even four generations.
42:17: So Job died, being old and full of days.

