	The city and my life I hope to tell.
Oh muse within and blessed patron saint
please lend to me your strength which I have need
to lift my vision high on noble wings
and from above, as if upon twin peaks,
to tell the truth of all that I have seen.
Calliope and Francis hear my prayer
and bless my vision with your wonderous art.
	Oh holy land behind Fortuna's gate,
with port of plenty, hippie capital,
where rich or poor or blind or dumb are free
to live their life, the best, as they should please.
Great city founded on forty eight hills,
home of the polo fields and cable cars,
where bicycles do yell out, 'Fuck your car,'
and no one needs to pay to ride the bus.
Your beauty is erected by it all;
from Ocean Beach to Old Montgomery street,
the sunrises before the giant cross
atop the tallest peak within your land,
and lazy days spent smoking in the park
breathing the view of girls and downtown too,
the Oakland Bridge persisting through the fog,
flowers kept hidden on Vallejo Hill,
the millions who have walked on Market Street,
the quiet peace sitting above the green
watching the yachts go sailing to the sea
and underneath they pass the golden bridge,
the tourist trap we call Fisherman's Wharf
or running up the steep Cathedral Hill,
both Market four, and Mission twenty-four,
JK Alley, the gate to Chinatown,
the Tortoise Steps and Yerba Buena too,
riding my bike into the Panhandle,
or hanging out on Haight and Ashbury,
the library across from city hall,
the largest one that I have ever seen,
where I was taught to read again, for fun.
From grand parades to crying in the park,
from Jerry Day to sleeping in my car,
Saigon Sandwhich, My Cahn, and Golden boy,
Nizarios and Farolito too,
and Xio Long Bao, and Good Mong Kok, and more
are only but a taste of what you are.
You gave to me a truly better life
not once, but twice you helped me to my feet.
Standing me up you told me 'You're a man'
and gave me more than I could ever ask.
Forever I will be within your debt
and ask only this poem not offend.
Therefore lend me your blessings on this day,
and hide nothing from my poor memory.
Here I will tell of my happiest life
living in San Francisco free of strife.
	So first I'll tell of how you and I met,
and how, by providence, I'd call you home.
Many times growing up I heard of you
de facto capital of the lost coast.
Where I was born was further to the north
behind the Redwood Curtain. Arcata 
the city of my birth is also built
beside a bay and has many a hill.
The people there as well are similar
but in their lack of gold they are not you.
My father was a big time Giants fan
and wished that he could be at every game
but money is a harder thing to find
up there, beside the smaller Humboldt Bay,
then five free hours spent driving down south.
He took me once, it was on April first
the day that I had turned but two years old
and had my name ablaze on the score board,
my first time in the city, ninety-nine.
We must have parked right there at two and King 
but after that we never made the trip.
In middle school we went to Alcatraz.
We saw the jail, we saw fisherman's warf,
my teacher did not know Telegraph Hill
was to the east, she fingered Russian Hill
'Over there class is called Telegraph Hill
and right beside it is the chocolate square.'
We walked the tourist bridge and that was it.
Once I was smoking weed I heard about
the hippies who descended from the Haight
and even wrote my big freshman essay
about the way your hippies changed the world.
'The 60s were a decade full of change,
the hippies in the Haight were groovy cool.'
I did not even know of Market Street
but felt that SF was a place to be,
yet growing up I only came once more.
I vistited because I had an aunt
who's familiy were French, and rather rich.
My aunt was working in a litte bar,
the Cafe Claude hiding behind Kearney,
and we stopped in to say, "How do you do."
We rode the BART from Dublin/Pleasanton
and stepped ashore on Market, underground.
Once above ground I tasted sights and smells,
the towering buildings were so unreal,
the escalator full beyond the brim,
and more people than I had ever seen.
I stayed in line and followed my uncle
as he led us to that quiet alley.
Once we had said hello we hit the town.
Where did I want to go? The Haight of course!
We walked the street towards Golden Gate Park
and played the tourist "Look at all these shops!"
I stopped in one to briefly play guitar.
"This one sells hats!" "Look sunglasses and socks!"
And in those days there was a small resteraunt
nestled within the south side of the street,
we stopped inside for Great Indian Food.
The price was cheap and they had a buffet.
I ate so much, and also had a Coke,
my uncle tipped them well and we were off.
We walked for what felt like a thousand days
on streets that I was not familiar with.
The sun went down behind the unkown peaks
and we arrived at last in BasicVille.
Pier thirty-nine is not my favorite place
but I was young and had so much to learn.
I watched a man out front play his guitar,
"I hurt myself today" I heard him croon
and then we went to walk beneath the lights
of neon green. The glow from the arcade
led me straight to the salt water taffy.
A skilled magician played on us a trick.
He had a woman give him twenty bucks
which then he sealed within a cardboard box,
"Hocus Pocus" he cried and thus appeard
his magic dove swooping down from the air
behind us and it held within it's claws
the cardboard box, and what would you expect
within the box the magic man produced
the very same dollar the woman gave
and then he tried to make us all to laugh,
"Will not you all give me a buck or two?"
I'm sure his hustle was most lucrative.
When all was done my uncle longed to feast
and led us to the back end of the pier
where there was once sushi served with a view.
The fading light, the bridge, and Alcatraz
were on the menu, Oh and sea urchin.
I ate it all for I do not refuse
whatever food is put upon my plate
I ate the tail, the spines, the eyeballs too.
My uncle said "That's the funniest thing
you're not supposed to eat the eyeballs too!"
I did not care, we left and we were full.
This was the final time that I would dine
with this fine man for he was soon to die
but I will not forget the generous
dinner that he purchased for me that night.
The cost of course I cannot be so sure
but I would guess around three hundred bucks.
I thanked him well but then he said to me
that times like this were worth more than money.
We left to walk the Embarkadero
and somewhere right around pier thirty-one
we stopped inside a bar to have a drink.
He got a beer and asked if I would too
I was too young but he said what the heck
"Just drink it fast and don't make a big deal
about it and no one will ever know."
The band was playing jazz, and I got drunk.
We made our way back to the BART station
my aunt, his wife, was waiting there for us.
We took the train and I said my goodbye
to you SF for far too many days.
	Back home, up north, my life, it went to shit.
I got a job, ended up quitting school
just smoking weed and crying "She's the one!"
when late one night I was in the dish pit
repeating how "I'll never love again"
I broke a glass and severed my thumb.
The hostpital up there was little help
"Your tendons broke, you will need surgery.
I'm sending you down south. I know a guy
who specializes in this sort of thing.
You'll have to make the drive down to SF"
My dad drove me once more to the city.
We crossed the bridge, St. Stephen had a rose.
My dad he took me round to reminisce,
"I saw Jerry play here back in the day!
I always get excited when I see
this part of town it always takes me back."
That sort of thing until we finally
made our way to the Castro hospital.
The doctor was a plastic surgery,
he had the kind of face money can buy,
his hands were soft. He told that he had
rebuilt a man who had been eaten by
a columbine in some freak accident.
He swore that I would be as good as new.
Twenty-thousand dollars my boss would pay.
They put me under the very next day
and I awoke as if I had just died.
Delirium, and green surgery socks,
the vision of Pac Heights came into view.
They asked, "Are you OK," I nodded yes,
and loaded me into my father's truck.
I did not feel the pain until we had
crossed the Mendocino county line.
Once back at home I longed to be with friends.
I drove my stick shift down to Mary Lane
with my left hand wrapped inside of a cast.
Once I arrived I smoked a little weed
but nothing could erase that horrid pain.
It felt as if my whole arm had been split
and icy death was screaming from the seam.
I did not want to take the pain killer
but it was so intense I had no choice.
I took a Norco and drifted to sleep,
when I awoke I was still on the couch.
Kimberly asked if she could help me out.
She drove me home and then we just hung out.
I took one more Norco and that was it,
I sold the rest, to my idiot friend,
and lived in pain for just a couple days.
	After a month the time came to return,
the doctor had to take my stiches out
and so I drove alone. I crossed the bridge
early and found a place to park the truck.
Driving a stick shift up and down the hills
became a point of pride for me that day.
I must have found a spot in the mission
and followed google maps to find the way
to get back to the hospital. In those
golden days Pokemon Go was big and
I stared down with joy into my phone.
Oh look a rapidash! And magneton!
Neither of these were found in Arcata!
I wandered through the steets of Valencia
until my appointment was drawing near.
I made my way alone up Castro street
and boy was I sure in for a surprise.
The rainbow flag was massive and I saw
an advertisment for a nude barber,
there were bath houses rented by the hour
and men in leather strolling on the street.
Where I come from we have none of these things.
Climbing the Castro hill I lost my breath
where at the top I found my hospital.
The removal was quick, done by the books.
The doctor asked if I had any pain,
it seemed to me like he was pushing pills,
as I felt fine he sent me on my way.
I walked outside and wandered to the park
that I would later learn is called Duboce.
I sat there on the grass and smoked a joint
looking above at beautiful blue skies,
and local folk who came to walk their dogs,
while to my left a lovely woman sat
with auburn hair that hung down to her waist.
She had a macbook pro, perhaps for school,
and seemed to me so different from the girls
that I had always known up in the woods.
She quickly left and later so did I.
Walking along past Market Street Safeway
it was the greatest grocery store that I
had ever seen, and as I was hungry
I stopped inside to get a bite to eat.
The place felt like a cavern! I was lost.
It was nothing like Arcata Safeway 
but finally I found a place in line,
and got myself a pound of deli meat.
Now back outside, beneath the summer sun,
using my hands to eat, I made my way
back to my truck before the day was through.
I drove back home but I could not forget
the memories I made that sunny day.
	I told my friends, but they could not care less,
"There's naked dudes down there who cut your hair!"
It seemed like they all knew better than me.
Michael even had claimed to spend a month
playing guitar homeless out in the Haight
eating tacos, and having hella fun.
I will admit his story turned me green
with jeleousy. I felt that I'd missed out
but over time the novelty did fade,
and I forgot, with time, San Francisco.
What led me back to your 48 hills?
It was, of course, another tradgedy.
	For many years I stayed up in the north
and spent all of my time playing guitar.
Naively I believed that I was the one
who could make the music to be a star.
I practiced every day into the night
and did not let my tendon set me back.
I moved into a house full of music
where every room had many instruments.
I played guitar the most but also bass
and learned to play the drums we had at home.
I learned to do my best and improvise
over many different musical styles.
From blues to jazz, metal and rock and roll
many a night we spent making music.
We played at parties and we played for fun.
Sometimes we played for ten hours a day
but in the end my injury, it won.
My left hand had become swollen with pain,
I did the best I could to make it heal
but every passing day my wrist hurt worse.
I thought naively that the problem was
my job and so I quit once and for all,
pledging myself to live by my guitar.
Back in those days I saw the solar star
eclipsed in black but dancing forth with light.
I foolishly believed I was the one,
my arrogance made enemies of friends
and now they all would say I'm just an ass.
I am not proud of many things I did,
many mistakes, my best friends I betrayed,
then lashing out in anger lost it all.
I had to flee the city of my birth
and lost the simple life I had in youth.
Life on the road I had only my truck,
a bag of clothes I brought, and my guitar.
My destination seemed so very clear
as my fortune had been revealed to me,
the oracle eclipse divination.
I was to travel south and play guitar
to make it big busking Los Angeles.
I drove all night and did not stop to rest
until I found a place in Malibu
where I could park and over look the beach.
The city stretched as far as I could see
and there I closed my eyes, and took a nap.
	I found myself, at once, in Venice Beach
and met a couple who knew of Humboldt.
A girl, Haley, and her boyfriend, named Blue,
smoked weed with me and wished me best of luck.
They told me they had come to beat the cold
but would return again to trim the bud
as soon as it was growing in the field.
I spent that afternoon playing guitar.
My acoustic, I tuned to open G,
I quickly learned was not quite loud enough,
and walking back I saw another man
busking and he was much better than me.
Back to my truck I walked with head hung low
when most by chance I looked down at my phone.
I got a text from my good friend Etienne.
Etienne and I had started to hang out
a couple weeks before when he saw me
walking alone and stopped to ask me if
I wanted to go smoke a bowl with him.
Though I had left that day to go work out
I liked Etienne, I'd known him since college,
I figured what the heck and so agreed.
He did not know any of what I did
to loose my house and all my other friends
and when he saw my post on Instagram
declaring that I'd drove into LA
he had invited me to come hang out.
It was a week that he was off of school,
each Febuary we celebrate the life
of Washington. He too was in LA
and said "Come pick me up and let's party!"
I drove the number ten to Jasmine Ave,
Culver City, and there I met my friend.
He let me in his house, I met his mom
who used an old machine to mend my bag
and added many years unto it's life.
We smoke a couple bowls inside his room
while I was helped by a sewing machine.
Once she was done Etienne asked if I would
be down to go pick up one of his friends.
I said why not and we drove to Crenshaw,
and there I met an extraodinary man.
His name was Javier, he was a nerd.
We loaded up the truck and lit a joint.
Back in those days I only rolled fatties.
Each one we smoked was more or less an eigth,
and we cruised through LA feeling like kings.
We pulled over, it had begun to rain,
and we found shelter in a noodle house.
Sitting outdoors, but still under the roof
we ordered noodles from Iza Ramen.
I wasn't twenty one but no one cared
I had a beer or two and then we lit
a fatty joint right there with our dinner.
A high school kid came out from the dish pit
and he was followed by a couple friends
and just like that we smoked out all the guys
who had prepared that epic meal for us.
We paid the bill but did not head back home.
I let Etienne lie down in the back
just smoking joints, my truck was our limo.
Someone got the idea, "Let's hit sunset
and end this epic night at a strip club!"
When we arrived it was after midnight,
I did not pay to park. We walked inside.
The lights were dim, the girls were kinda gross.
I had to pay twenty bucks at the door
and seven more for a tiny bottle
of water then the girl took off her top.
We walked back out, "Dude what the fuck was that?
The famous Roxy that all of the stars
always go to in downtown hollywood,
a total piece of shit?" "Yeah dude I know
to be honest I'm feeling kind of gross,"
and that was that and then we all went home.
I dropped them off but I slept in my truck
and in the morning we went to the beach.
Back in Venice, but this time no guitar,
we walked along and smoked the biggest joints
that made the other groups all turn to look
'cuz weed had only just been legalized
and LA culture was not like Humboldt.
The joints they rolled were all these little things
so when they saw mine they just turned their heads,
in disbelief, and sometimes said, "Oh damn."
Along our way Javier bought pizza
and Etienne stole some street vendor's pipe.
We walked onto the beach to have a feast
of pizza pie and humboldt cannabis
but before long the sun began to set
and Etienne was headed back up north.
I said goodbye to him and Javier
and promised if I would return again
that I would hit him up and we'd hang out.
I spent a couple days in Venice Beach
but every day the weather kind of sucked
and I was in over my element,
only had been homeless a couple weeks
and I'll admit that I did feel homesick.
So in my truck I got back on the 5
and spent the night inside of Livermore
but waking up I suddenly was blessed
with memory of you San Francisco.
	My first time coming back in many years
was instigated by simply a whim.
Since I was in the bay I said "why not
go spend a day walking around SF?"
I drove to Pleasanton and left the truck
inside the parking lot next to Best Buy.
I walked an empty road for ten minutes
before I found myself inside the BART
station. I got myself a paper pass
and waited for a train to take me to
the city which I did not know I loved.
Riding the train I saw so many things;
one man was playing music right beside
the sign that cautioned you to please shut up,
outside the windows first I saw the hills,
and all the cars were faster than the train,
inside of Oakland I saw so much art
painted upon the walls some had forgot,
beneath the bay my cell phone lost service,
and suddenly we were inside a tube
they buried in the ground forty years back,
one hundred feet above us, Market Street.
I got off of the BART at sixteenth street
and watched a dozen men just hop the gate,
"I guess that's how they do here in the bay,"
inserted ticket, made the light go, 'DING,"
and climbed the stairs. I felt a little scared
when I first saw, and smelled, the SF air.
I quickly walked ahead and made a left
eager to leave the craziness behind,
and found, with one more left, a little peace.
My friends had long ago told me that I
needed to go to some, Dolores Park,
and so I put the place into my phone
and Google led me quickly to that spot.
Looking above I saw the mission bell,
and palm trees standing easy in the sun,
a massive statue standing at the top,
and tons of space for me to roll a joint.
I climbed the hill and sat down to my left
beneath the shade of those Dolores Palms.
I pulled out all my weed and a paper
and rolled a massive joint there on that day.
When suddenly a shirtless, homeless man,
who seemed to me to have drinken too much,
began to yell, and scream, and try to fight
anyone who was in his field of view.
Some other guy told him to just chill out
but our drunk guy did not take that so well,
"Back at my car I've got a gun asshole,"
is what I heard him say and then I thought,
"Jesus Christ this city is intense."
The drunk guy wandered off, went down the hill,
and I just hoped he didnt have a gun.
About this time a man sat next to me,
he introduced himself, "My name's Nemo,"
I asked him if he'd like to smoke a joint.
We sat there telling tales about our past,
"I used to grow some pot." "I've been to jail."
He told me he was homeless in the Haight
and now I saw the drunk guy had returned,
and started doing pushups on the path,
but lukily someone had called the cops,
and even if he did not have a gun,
they hauled him off which made me feel more safe.
Nemo invited to show me around
the Haight I asked him "How will we get there?"
I thought that it would be too far to walk,
and usually it is, but all he said
was, "Follow me I'll show you how we do."
We walked down to the stop by the pisser
and waited just a minute for a train.
"Wait I don't wanna pay!" "Dude, we won't pay."
The doors opened and we just stepped aboard.
I looked around but no one gave a shit.
Nemo sat down as if he owned the place,
and the whole time I felt like I'd be caught.
We transfered to the N up at Duboce.
I marvelled at the gold spray-painted chairs,
and once again we hopped onto the train.
We left the train after only two stops.
The sunset tunnel now at our behind,
I followed him, because he knew the way.
We smoked another joint that I had rolled.
Behind us were a couple from the train,
a man and wife, who were advanced in age,
when on the ground Nemo found a TV,
they passed us and exclaimed, "That sure smells good!"
I was amazed that even the old folk
in this city had love for cannabis.
Nemo said that he might come back later
and take that TV he found on the street.
We walked on Cole and took a right on Haight,
he led me directly to Ashbury
where on our right we found a box of clothes.
A couple hats we took there for ourselves
I got a flatbill black with Jordon
jumping in white. I felt dapper as fuck!
We crossed the street and circled round the block,
but when I looked for him Nemo was gone.
I am not sure why he brought me at all
or why he showed me how to hop a train.
He did not steal from me. He even gave
to me the coolest hat that we had found,
but for whatever reason he did this
I am thankful. He showed me how to live
inside SF and how SF will give
you anything you need, it's on the street.
I walked around the Haight a little bit
but did not want to spend any money.
I made my way down to Golden Gate Park.
Crossing the street then walking to the north
I stopped when I had got to JFK,
and thought that I had seen about enough
even though I had not walked at all west,
I crossed the street again and left the park.
So then I went and sat down on the grass
and smoked a joint inside the Panhandle.
I still wanted to go back home that day
and did not feel like driving in the dark
so I set off to walk back to the BART.
I could have saved some time and took the train
but I thought that the walk sounded like fun.
I headed in a straight line right down Oak
and marvalled at the massive DMV.
I walked for what I thought was a long time
and looked at all the beautiful houses.
Once I arrived at Market and Van Ness
I was tired and wondered "how much more
is there to go before I find a BART?"
I came to civic center before long,
descending down those stairs by the UN,
I left you once again with memories
that I could not forget. "I will be back,"
I muttered quietly and went to pay.
I took the train all the way to Dublin
and drove that night back to Humboldt County.
	Once I was back I spent a couple weeks
getting more weed, and my W-2,
driving around, and sleeping in my truck.
I parked it at the marsh, or quiet streets,
or one time at the walmart parking lot.
I did a couple jobs for drug dealers,
and once I had a bit of cash saved up,
I felt like once again I had to go
and seek my fame playing the damn guitar.
I spent my final night in Arcata
loosing a friend. Her name, Tinuviel,
was taken from the Silmarillion.
I made her cry for something dumb I said
and paradise was paved over instead.
I watched that final sunset from the marsh
smoking, alone, listening to the Dead.
When I woke up, early, I headed south
and I was in Berkely by eleven.
I stopped at Shell, mostly to take a piss,
and parked my truck by the north Berkely BART.
I took my guitar to go busk SF
and dreamed of all the fortune I would find.
	The station seemed to me mostly empty,
and following after a hooded man,
I hopped the gate which read EMERGENCY.
This time I took the train and did not pay.
Outside the windows all the hills were green
and I reflected on how much nicer
this part of California was compared
to the brown, city hell, of west LA.
Something amazing happened in Oakland.
While I was staring out my window seat
the dark grey walls of Macarthur station
came into view. The gloomy sight was then
interrupted by such a lovely girl.
She had black hair, the tips had been dyed red,
a green beanie and carried a skateboard.
Her striped shirt and dark blue overalls
were complemented by her rainbow socks.
I watched her climb aboard, she saw, and smiled,
then sat down in the seat right next to me.
I looked around, there were plenty of seats
available so I felt she liked me.
I felt the butterflies within me flap
and did not wait until the train began
to move before I asked her, "What's your name?"
She smiled at me with her midnight eyes
and quietly told me, "My name is Liz."
We got to talking and I fell in love,
"I like your skateboard and your rainbow socks."
"You play guitar? I wish that I knew how."
"Where are you from? No way! You're from SF?"
"I'm born and raised down by City College."
She told me she studied photography,
and journalism too, but her passion
was skateboarding. I asked her to hang out
and she replied "Maybe later, but here!"
giving her phone number to me she said
to call her later on and come over.
Once we were cruising under Market Street
I asked her what she'd reccomend I do,
being new to the city, and she paused,
"Dolores Park is chill," and then she said,
"This is my stop, but you should call tonight."
I watched her walk away and felt so high,
the city seemed to bless me more and more.
	I got off, once again, at sixteenth street.
I did not have a ticket but I knew
already how it's done: just hop gate.
I quickly ascended the grimy stairs
and felt most overwhelemd by the instese
commotion of the people on the street.
I panicked and not knowing where I was,
took off on sixteenth heading the wrong way.
I walked along South Van Ness Avenue
on the west side, towards a car dealership,
and walked until I found my path was blocked
by an on-ramp. The southbound 101,
devoid of any crossing path or sign,
prevented me from going further on.
I looked around and knew that I was lost.
A homeless man was walking through the lot,
where men in suits sold luxury Audis,
when I realized that I was full of thirst.
I contemplated asking the salesman
if he could give me something I could drink,
but in the end my shyness won the day.
I turned around, and walked down fourteenth street,
now I no longer feared that I'd be robbed.
I checked my phone to find out where I was.
I saw that I had walked the opposite
direction from where Park Dolores was,
but as my thoughts been consumed by thirst,
I needed to buy something to drink first.
	The Market Street Safeway was just ahead
and I got myself a bottled water.
I walked the quickest way down to the park,
right down Dolores. I passed the mission
with my guitar in hand, and Crystal Springs,
now empty, and I looked for a trash can
when on my right, exploding from behind
Mission Highschool, I saw the blessed park.
The sun was high above the grassy slope
where many happy people walked about.
Walking the street I saw there in the shade
many people who surely had no home
and next to them was a recycle can.
I threw in my empty water bottle
when suddenly, and much to my surprise,
a dirty man stood up and from behind
the two trash cans he embarked on a dig.
I did not wait around for very long
but felt bad for the man who lived on trash.
I found myself standing before the bell
and looking up I saw where I would go
to play guitar. This time on the right side
between the palm trees and the concrete path.
I opened up my case, and fashioned a 
strap for my guitar using an old shoe lace,
and tied a double knot. It felt secure.
I stood back up, and facing to the east,
I played guitar and sang into the day.
While covering Hendrix with Purple Haze
a dark haired man approached and tipped me ten
dollars. I thanked him and finished the song.
We got to talking, "Hey you're pretty good.
Where are you from?" I told him, "Arcata."
I asked him if he wanted to smoke weed,
he told me that he did but he could not.
His wife would not approve and furthermore
he taught a middle school in Santa Cruz.
He was in SF while on vacation
and was driving up north. I told him to
visit the Avenue of Giant trees,
"Get off the 101 at Phillipsville
and take the scenic route, it's something else."
He shook my hand and wished me best of luck,
and later on he followed my Facebook.
I played guitar that day for quite some time
but Dolores was not the perfect place
to busk I quickly learned. The only one
who gave me any cash was that one guy.
The sun was more than halfway through the sky
when I sat down to eat granola bars
and went to check my phone.  I had a text.
It was from Liz she said simply, "Hey dude
I'm going to a party later on.
Do you want to come over and pre-game?"
I told her I was down but was not sure
of where she lived or how to get down there.
"I live on Colon Ave. The forty three
can drop you off really close to my house 
or you can take the J and walk over."
I chose to take the train because I knew
that I could ride for free. I was not sure
about the bus and so I played it safe.
I rode the J from Church and eightteenth street
and looking out the window as we went
I saw a brand new world. I was afraid
that I would miss the park, and on the wall
the Muni map did not list every stop.
We turned on thirty street and I was sure
that I had missed my stop, but I had not.
Looking both at their map, and at my phone,
I figured out I had some time to go
before arriving at Balboa Park.
So many pretty girls were on that train,
it was unlike anything I had seen.
Black, white, and brown, skinny, tall, short, and thick,
I felt that I had come to Nirvana,
but surely as the train got further south
most everyone had already got off.
A blonde haired girl who wore big round glasses,
and sat diagonal across from me,
got off at what I learned was called Glen Park.
I looked outside, we were in the middle
of some freeway and stairs passed overhead.
I checked my phone and saw my stop was near
and for the first time in my twenty years
I pulled the yellow cord and made the DING.
The train came to a halt, I stepped outside
and felt a novel breeze in Ingleside.
I followed my phone and it led me
past City College down on Phelen Street,
and on my left a couple high school kids
were walking out of Rick Riordan high.
I took a left, and walked a winding street,
then, pacing back and forth for a minute,
prepared myself to go and ring the bell.
Of course I will admit I was nervous
cuz Liz was cute and we had only met
that afternoon but finaly I came
up to the door and proudly rang the bell.
The door swung in but on the other side
the imposing figure sure was not Liz.
	"Well who are you and tell me what you want."
The man was at my height but twice my weight,
his hair was grey and he wore spectacles
upon a face that seemed to want a fight.
I stuttered something out, "Hello is Liz..."
When she appeared secretly from a hall,
"Daddy that's just my friend. I told you he
was coming over. Hey dude how are you?"
I stepped inside and put down my guitar.
I shook her father's hand and said to him
"It's very nice to meet you sir. Thank you
for letting me into your home today."
His handshake felt like it was made of stone
and he told me he was a proud marine.
I nearly shit my pants but thankfully
Liz took me to her room and closed the door.
"Your dad's pretty intense." "Nah, it's an act."
She asked me if I'd like to have a beer.
I didn't see the harm so I said "sure!"
She came back with two cans of Modelo,
we opened them and I checked our her room.
There were photos pinned up on every wall,
some taken on the streets, and some the beach,
and some were illustrations that she drew.
A line of christmas lights hung underneath
the sleeping platform where she had her desk.
We started talking about skateboarding.
She told me she was in competition
to win some kind of prize out in Oakland,
but she did not think she was the best.
She told me she had bombed every hill
inside the city and I was amazed.
She showed me her camera and microphone,
"Sometimes we shut the street down by the park
and make Dolores into paradise.
We spend all day just going down the hill
and then at night we smoke under the stars."
Speaking of weed I asked to roll a joint.
Her eyes lit up, "Let's smoke in the backyard!
I'll show you were we grow avocado."
I rolled the largest joint that she had seen,
around four grams of Jack Herer, that day
and we went through the kitchen to the door.
I was relieved to see her dad not there,
and stepping out I found myself inside,
for the first time, a back porch in SF.
There was a patio, and a small pond,
a couple shrubs, and herbs around the side,
and in the center was a lovely tree.
The avocados were too small to eat
but I had never seen this tree before.
"So this is where they come from," I remarked.
She giggled "Yeah they grow right on the tree."
We smoked the joint and gazed up at the clouds.
She pointed up the hill, "You see those trees?
It's called Mt. Davidson, the highest peak
in the city you've got to check it out
especially at night, it's beautiful."
I wanted to go there with her right then
but she had different plans. We ashed the joint
and went back in the kitchen where we found
her father had returned with two pizzas.
"Where did you get the pizzas this time dad?"
"Right over there that place down on Ocean,"
He handed me a plate, "Here help yourself."
There was only one kind: jalapeno.
I had two slices though I wanted more.
I did not want her to think me a leech,
though living in a car I often was.
We went back to her room, she closed the door,
and told me that her friend was on the way.
So soon she had arrived and Liz got up,
answered the door and brought more Modelo.
Liz introduced her friend, "This is Alice,"
"Or Malice," Alice said with a smile.
I heard Liz jokingly call her, "Nalice"
and tried my best to not stare at Alice.
She wore her black hair in a ponytail
with dark black eyeliner, Egypt style,
an army green jacket, and skinny jeans.
She was gorgeous and would have been a ten
if her left eye were not a lazy one.
She turned to Liz and asked "How did you meet?"
"We met this morning sitting on the BART!"
I interjected so she'd look at me.
Alice told us how she, "Got drunk last night
and ended up way down at In N' Out
in Daly City. I said 'what the fuck?'
How did we end up way out here but I
just shut my mouth as soon as we arrived
I love their food!" and I said, "So do I!"
Alice was cool and I was excited
to party with her and a little bit
nervous because I was unfamiliar
with anyone or thing down in the bay.
One of her friends had come to pick us up
and we went out to meet him in the hall.
The doorbell rang and Mathew stepped inside.
Interrogated by Liz's father,
he asked us what our plans were for the night.
Alice and Liz just joked around with him
while Mathew said "I'll get your daughter home."
When Liz's dad turned stared through my soul,
"How old are you soldier?" "I'm twenty one!"
I lied to him, I was only twenty,
but in no less than twenty one more days
I would be twenty one. He shook his head,
"When I was your age I was a marine!
We didn't go to parties or get drunk."
He kissed his daughter and told us, "Be safe."
	We walked outside to Mathew's gold Camry,
there were two other people in the car.
Mathew's best friend had brought his girlfriend too,
and there was only two empty seats left.
I turned to Liz and said "I can just leave
if theres no room for me inside the car"
but Mathew said, "C'mon it's no big deal,"
and Liz added, "I'll just sit on your lap,"
so we climbed in the back seat, driver's side,
and to my right I cuddled with Alice
while lovely Liz sat right on top of me.
My palms were sweaty, Mathew turned the key
and drove his car onto the two eighty.
I introduced myself to his best friend
who's name was David, and his girlfriend Pearl.
The party was somewhere across the bridge.
The sun had set and as we reached downtown
I looked above at all the city's lights.
"They're beautiful aren't they?" Liz said to me.
She said that she had always loved the lights
but that the new tower was very strange,
"When they put up Salesforce everything changed."
I didn't understand her at the time
and changed the topic, "Can you get onto
the roof of any of these buildings Liz?"
"Oh yeah, a few, I'll show you sometime dude."
We crossed the Oakland bridge and Alice said,
"Let's buy a bottle at the liquor store!"
At this point it occured to me that I
would not be able to go to a bar
and did not really know where we would go.
Now off the bridge we took an underpass
across the street from some big post office.
We found a liquor store slash halal grill.
I threw in the same ten that I had earned
playing guitar that afternoon and we
walked out with some Vodka, and also beer.
We made a detour through a broken fence
where on the other side another world
was hidden from the sidewalk and the cars.
Liz told me it was called the, "Lower Bobs."
We brought the bottle and the case of beer
and found a dozen weirdos hanging out.
They had a fire going in the bowl
and skaters passed aroud a joint or two.
I had a beer and soon they all were gone.
I met a couple freaks but lost their names
and one tall guy, Lucas, who knew Alice.
I walked around the park and admired
the grafitii they painted on the walls,
and marvelled that in such an urban sprawl
there existed this anarchist's wet dream.
Then as the fire died, the beer ran out,
we made the call to go to the party.
Lucas would come along so now there were
seven of us in Mathew's Camry.
I quickly found out Alice and Lucas
were hooking up and she sat in his lap,
I did not mind for Liz still sat on mine.
	Our final destination for the night
was some sketch biker bar: The East Bay Rats.
We walked inside and I just had to laugh
the dudes out front were LARPING Hell's Angels,
the pictures on the walls older than me,
the floor was just concrete, but somehow stained,
and in the back they had a boxing ring,
but they were setting up a big PA.
When someone brought a drumset through the door
I knew that this would be a lot of fun.
I checked the bathrooms out to take a piss,
my God they were the worst I'd ever seen.
They smeled like piss but hey the plumbing worked.
I went and sat out back, alone, with Liz.
The East Bay Rat's back half was open air
and paved with stained concrete, same as inside.
High on the walls hung photographs, emblems,
a raider's jersey and a spiked vest.
Along one side a long blue table sat,
which looked diseased after being left out
for years exposed to every element,
and opposite, in the furthest corner,
some macho men around the boxing ring.
Now fueled by alcohol, and pheromones,
both Mathew and Lucas wanted to fight.
The East Bay Rats were happy to indulge
and soon procured two sets of boxing gloves.
Mathew in green, and Lucas in yellow,
ascended to the ring. A hungry cheer
erupted from the crowd but I stood back,
and leaned against the table next to Liz.
We watched the clumsy fight without a word.
Mathew was clearly drunk and threw a punch
which missed his foe, and then he almost tripped.
Lucas was taller, and better composed.
He waited for an opening and struck
sending his yellow glove into the nose
of Mathew who quickly fell on the ground.
The victor turned around and raised his arm,
his yellow glove was painted scarlet red.
The courtyard echoed thunderous applause
like Lucas had just won the Super Bowl.
Mathew sat up and recovered his feet.
Embracing Lucas said, "No harm was done,"
while blood flowed down his nose like the Nile.
One of the bikers recovered the gloves,
and grabbed a towel to mop up all the blood.
This type of sport I felt was not the best.
I turned around and walked past the restrooms
so I could watch the band forget to tune.
Across the room I saw what did appear
a vending machine that sold only beer.
I stumbled over, dollar PBR.
I doubted it would work, gave it a shot,
and one cold can of hipster beer popped out.
No one had asked if I was twenty one,
I guess the East Bay Rats don't give a fuck.
The drums came crashing in, "One, two, three, four!"
and heavy metal drowned out all my thoughts.
Everyone came inside, I saw Mathew
had cleaned up all the blood and he just smiled,
then jumping back and forth began to mosh.
I tried to kill my beer but soon enough
a mosh pitter leaped on me from the floor
and spilled my beer on the lovely Alice.
She acted like it was not a big deal
but I still felt guilty. I joined the pit.
The music just sped up and so did we.
Bumping, punching, I got hit by a knee.
Another guy, an elbow to the face,
who started bleeding out on everyone
and I knew it was time to leave the pit.
I was sweaty and drunk, but not confused.
Lucas walked out holding hands with Alice,
David and Pearl got bled on in the pit,
Mathew himself had the time of his life,
and I could not hear Liz over the band.
During setbreak David wanted to split
but, since Mathew was drunk, he'd have to drive.
I tried to say goodbye, "I'll just walk back,
I'm only parked like four miles from here,"
but David swore that I'd be surely robbed,
"Dude no one walks through there this time of night
except for prostitues and drug dealers.
I'll drive you home, but what is your adress?"
"I'm sleeping in my truck, North Berkely BART."
"You're all the way up there? Ok lets go."
	We climbed back into Mathew's camry.
Beside me, Liz, was sitting half asleep,
and on my other side Mathew asked me,
"So didn't you say you're from Arcata?
I hear you guys all grow the dankest weed.
See where I'm from, Florida, we dont have
the kind of shit you guys all smoke out here.
If you could somehow maybe hook me up
I'd really like to buy an ounce or two."
I once again was fortune's favorite son.
I did not need to look, luck came to me,
"Yeah dude I came from Humboldt hauling weight.
Give me your phone number. I'll hit you up
tomorrow and I'll meet you in SF."
He handed me his phone and he agreed,
"I work until like five but that sounds good."
That's when David complained, "We're so off track
you're lucky that I'm in this good of mood,
and that I'm not the one paying for gas,
cuz we're driving a minute just for you"
I rolled my eyes. I told him I would walk,
but when I offered he had just refused.
We shortly turned around next to my truck.
I said "Goodnight to all! Thanks for the ride."
and then remembered I left my guitar,
"Hey Liz can I come by tomorrow too? 
I left my guitar in your living room."
She said, "Just text me in the afternoon."
I promised Mathew I'd sell him some weed,
and found my truck the same as it had been.
I climbed inside, they drove past me and beeped. 
I brushed my teeth, and calmy went to sleep.
	Dreaming, in my truck bad, till after noon,
what woke me up was the oppresive heat.
I had to take a piss so I went back
to the Shell station, and I bought some gas.
Eating granola bars I got onto
the five eighty. Heading southbound, into Oakland,
following the directins on my phone,
I soon arrived outside Planet Fitness.
The place was packed, there was barely a spot
to park the truck. I took my red gym bag,
the dirty toothbrush and a pair of socks
then walked inside, but I forgot my tag.
The guy behind the counter couldn't care,
he didn't say a thing. I just walked by.
I changed into my shorts, and brushed my teeth,
then lifted weights for forty-five minutes.
The benches were filled up, but we took turns,
and in between I'd just go do pushups.
I finished up, had my sunday shower,
and changed back into my jeans and sweatshirt.
Some dude was washing his shirts in the sink,
some other guy was playing on his phone.
I went back to my truck and tried to find
the best tacos in Oakland on my phone.
This place, on twenty-third, across the bridge
that looks like it's about to fall apart,
called Sinaloa, is the bright orange truck
where I had five tacos for lunch that day.
I checked my phone, saw it was almost three,
and went to drive across the Oakland Bridge.
The streets of Oakland are full of potholes,
and one way signs. The bridge was a relief
where I just got to roll with the traffic
and watch Harrison Street come into view.
The bridge turned into U.S. One-Oh-One,
I took the exit for City College
and then drove past the Balboa Skatepark
where I saw Liz jumping out of the bowl.
	I parked my truck beside City College
and ran down to the park. When I came up
and asked her, "Hey! What's up? I saw you from
my truck, just driving by." she fired back
"What are you, stalking me or something now?"
I was a little shook. I tried to laugh,
and play it off. "You still have my guitar.
That was the only reason I drove by."
She smiled at me, and she loosened up.
We smoked a couple joints in the skate park
then we walked, past my truck, back to her house.
I went inside, got yelled at by her dad,
"You want the phone number for the marines?
With North Korea we need some young guys
like you to go and fight. See I'm too old,
but in the good old days, that's what we'd do.
In service to our country, and to God.
You learn a lot of things in the marines.
They taught me how to take pride in my work,
they taught me leadership, they taught respect.
Here, take this card, and call me when you want
to join up. I'll even give you a ride."
I took the business card, and my guitar,
then turned away. A final, "Goodbye Liz,"
and then I'd never see her face again.
I got back to my truck to text Mathew
who said that he would meet me, "Down on Sloat,
the perfect place: Haiwaiian Barbeque."
I found the place but had a real tough time
maneuvering the truck through all the cars,
but found a place to park next to Mathew.
I stepped out of my door and brought an ounce
over to the window of the Camery.
Mathew was eating barbeque dinner
and rolled down his window, "Hey! What's up dude?"
I only charged him eighty for the ounce,
"I never bought an ounce this cheap before!"
I told him he should go up to Humboldt
and buy it by the pound for even less.
We said goodbye and Mathew drove away.
I sat behind the wheel, the sky was dark
but there weren't any clouds. I saw some stars,
I thought about Liz, and Mount Davidson.
Following Google Maps I still got lost
but finally I parked on Juanita.
	I looked around, it was a quiet street,
and walked a wild footpath in the dark.
I turned the camera flash on for a light,
the scenery reminded me of home.
I'd reached the top but had not see a soul,
the summit had a million dollar view.
In front of me there were a million lights,
I watched a bus travel a quiet street
while in the distance cars drove by like ants.
The skyline occupied the other half,
one hundred towers, royal in their glow,
erupted from the ground. Hyperion
himself would have grown dim in jelousy.
The highway, which turned into the Bay Bridge,
appeared to me as two great beams of light.
The left was white, the right was bumper red,
and man made stars twinkled across the bay.
After an hour I stumbled back down
to my truck where I spent my very first
night sleeping on the streets of the city.
	I spent just one night in San Francisco
before I was attacked and said, "To hell
with this city and all of these people!"
I woke up under foggy and grey skies.
I really had to use a restroom so
went down the hill, right next to City Collge,
I parked the truck, and brought my backpack too,
doing my best, hopefully to blend in.
Inside the art building, doors all unlocked,
I walked right in and out, no questions asked.
Passing by the Diego Rivera
building I thought, "What should I do today?"
	I decided to go and busk the Haight,
took my guitar and hopped onto the J.
Following the same route Nemo showed me
I walked up Cole and hung a right on Haight.
I realized that in my haste to leave
I left my guitar pick back at my truck
but lukily there was a guitar shop
not half way down the block from Ashbury.
I walked in and the man immediately
said, "You can't bring your bag inside the store."
I got the impression he had to deal
with thieves often. "I'm just buying a pick,"
He charged me one dollar then gave me two
fender medium picks, one red, one blue.
I set my backpack down on the trashcan
that's right outside the Ben and Jerry's shop,
tuned my guitar, and then began to play.
At the same spot, where fifty years before,
where Jerry and Phil had posed for a picture.
It was early, ten forty-five or so,
but there were still some tourists who had come
to take their picture underneath the sign.
I covered Zeppelin, and the Grateful Dead,
when bows of brightness burst between the clouds
and there were suddenly blue skies above.
I felt my spirit rise to Terrapin
when I began a rare and different tune.
The words of "Live Together" flowed from me
as I became possesed by this strange song.
The A minor chord echoed from the walls
of Haight and Ashbury, my debut stage.
I didn't have an ending for the song
so it became a chant, "Live together."
It faded out, a grin was on my face,
the clouds returned and everything was grey.
The streetlight changed colors, the tourists walked
but someone threw some cash into my case.
I went into Fire on the Mountain
and some dude with dreadlocks walked by me with
a boombox. He was blasting Whipping Post,
and made me annoyed cuz I was busking
but he walked up the street and I just sang,
"Long distance runner what you waiting for?"
Before I had finished the second verse
the dreadlocked man came back with a new song.
Brown Eyed Women, it was the Grateful Dead.
He approached me with hatred in his spreech,
"You really bout to play over Jerry
like that right now? Don't you even know where
you are right now? Bitch you are in the Haight!"
I stared back at this angry, homeless man
who was wearing Carharts, and a flat bill.
I told him, "Do you even understand
that Jerry's dead and I'm out here playing
his songs, keeping the music alive, and
trying to earn a buck out of respect."
"The fuck did you just say to me," he asked
and got up in my face, then barked at me,
"I'll give you ten seconds. Pick up the change
and get the fuck off of Haight street. You hear?"
I did not want to fight so I said, "Fine!"
and bent down to pick up the seven bucks.
While I bent down he slugged me in the head
and said, "That's what you get for playing on
top of Jerry out here on his street."
My head was throbbing but he walked away.
An old man with a beard, and a peace pin,
came up to me and said, "You should not have
said all that stuff about Jerry, man.
Jerry never dies on Haight Street, man"
So I packed up, guess I was in the wrong.
Across the street their family flipped me off
and some guy smoked a ciggarette behind
me saying, "He's just drunk," and "I'm sorry."
I shouted back, across the street to the
man in carharts, and his middle finger,
"I really hope you have a better day,
and here I left some weed for you to smoke!
God knows you need this shit more than I do."
He cursed my mother, I walked down the hill,
My head still hurt. I needed to sit down
and found an empty bench on the north side
of the Panhandle. Pulling out the bag
of weed I kept inside an A string pouch
I rolled a joint and watched the cars on Fell.
People passed by, dog walkers, and joggers,
the pain inside my head began to ease
and I stil felt like playing my guitar.
I used a voice memo app to record
a number of my songs there on that day.
That recording was marred in many ways
from conversations, dogs, and semi-trucks
but, most importantly, it got the words.
I spent about an hour then I said,
"This city sucks, I'm going to LA!"
	I was upset that someone had attacked
me, and that I had made less ten bucks.
I decided that I'd drive to LA
and busk on Venice Beach to make it big.
I walked to where Steiner crosses Duboce
and stood on the platform opposite from
where I had rode the train into The Haight.
An N passed me, headed back up the hill,
and half a dozen uniforms stepped out.
They all wore blue, I thought that they were cops,
and panicked cuz I did not plan to pay.
They walked over and stood there next to me.
I was afraid but thought that I should say
something to them, "Excuse me, is this the
train that goes down to Balboa Park?"
The lady smiled back and said "No, it's
around the corner down at Market Street."
My cheecks turned red, I was at the wrong place,
but I thanked her and then I walked away.
I was happy to be away from them
but as I came down Church so did the rain.
While waiting for the J my hair got wet,
but thankfully I had a hardshell case
for my guitar. The train, at last, arrived.
I stepped aboard and started to dry off.
Before leaving I wanted to go eat
the best Chineese food I could find that day.
I found a place that wasnt Chinatown,
some place on Taraval, the Dumpling King.
	Back at my truck I still somehow got lost
following Google Maps while driving through
the San Francisco rain. I crossed Mission
and took a picture to honor the song
before I circled back. Crossing Ocean
I made it to the Sunset District
and parked around the block on Ulloa.
The rain was coming down but it fell soft.
I was outside before they were open
and I was the first one inside the door.
I sat by the window, they brought me tea.
The only chineese food I'd ever had
before then was Oriental Buffet,
and all I knew was that I liked dumplings,
so I just googled, "Best dumplings SF."
I did not need the menu very long,
"The dumplings please, and thank you very much."
An old man started bringing in the food.
Cases of oil, meat, and veggies too
he carted in, then propped open the door.
An icy wind transformed the resteraunt's air
and the waitress returned with two large plates.
I ate my dumplings, fast. They were better
than OB thats for sure. I paid and left.
Before nightfall the sky made not a sound,
the sun had been obscured by black rain clouds,
ignition fired under muted skies
and San Francsico did not wave goodbye.

