	Now I have told about my very first
flirtations with you majestic city
and now I must go into some detail
describing how I fled, and where I went.
The instincts of my life led me away
but they would bring me back to you in time.
Sweet colors of inspiration hold near,
and light my words with shadows, fire, smoke.
	I drove past the Feinstein primary school
onto the two-eighty. I headed south
while listening to seventy-seven,
the twenty-sixth of May, the second set.
The sun went down behind Los Altos' hills.
I sparked the joint when Terrapin came on,
and it burned all the way into Prophet.
I drove for hours and I only stopped
one time, in Morgan Hill, to buy some gas.
Salinas was a desolate wasteland
painted maroon, and drowned in charcoal clouds.
The rain had stopped, but suddenly the wind
came bearing down on me at highway speeds.
I passed a semi-truck, my thoughts turned to
Tinuviel, and Janis Joplin.
I drove till I was hungry, and tired,
to In N Out, San Louis Obisbo.
"Two Double-Doubles please," I washed my hands
and ate my food in the corner. I saw
a group of stoners who sat down nearby
and asked them, "Hey y'all wanna smoke some weed?"
They all were down, we brought our food outside
and I rolled up a joint. "Lazy Lightning,"
I told the dude wearing the Jimi shirt
when he wanted to know the name and price.
We didn't have a deal but we got stoned.
They told me that "SLO sucks! There's nothing here."
We parted ways and I drove up the street
to park inside a quiet neighborhood.
I had to piss in somebody's front yard
and went to sleep scratching fleas like a dog.
	My brother was enrolled with the UC
in Santa Barbara. He took out a loan,
something like twenty grand, but was in school,
and sicne I was passing through I figured
I'd hit him up. We met up on campus,
on the third floor of the big library,
and we almost smoked up on the stairwell,
but went down to the beach to meet his friend,
Aemilia, a french exchange student.
Her friends were there, we smoked, and played with cards.
I felt like she was making eyes at me,
then as the sun set we went to party.
Del Playa is the name of party street
in Isla Vista and on any night
you can go there sure to find a function.
We went in some back yard, there was a band,
and dozens of hotties dancing freely.
They covered Heartbreaker then lights cut out,
the exodus emptied into the street.
Their name was "The Mallards," my brother said
as he brought us to another party.
On the driveway a dude was playing drums
while inside there was beer pong, a DJ,
and a full poker game in the kitchen.
I sold a couple joints, ten bucks a piece,
and met a couple of my brother's friends
but got hammered, and passed out in my truck.
	The next day I was back in Venice Beach
and this time I brought my amplifier.
I had never run it on batteries
and didn't know how long it would survive,
but I walked down, double As in my hand.
I walked up from the depths of Muscle Beach.
Some guy standing at the dispensary
called out, "The doctor's in," looking at me.
Next two tall men were hustling CDs,
they tried to give me one, "Here, twenty bucks."
but I just said, "No thanks," and walked away.
When I arrived at the Venice flagpoles
sitting below the stars and stripes I saw
a dude sitting on top of a cajone.
His hat said, "Four twenty," and his tank top
was tye dyed so I felt I could trust him.
He called me over, said his name was Phil,
and just like that we jammed out on the spot.
Phil was a natural, he'd improvise
over it all and never miss a beat.
We made some cash, and he split it equal.
His friend, Jack, showed up with a guitar case.
We smoked some weed and traded phone numbers
and they walked further on. I stayed behind
and met a man named John who had a bike
and a small Cihuahua named Taco Bell.
John didn't make music, but he knew Phil,
and asked me if I'd watch his stuff for him
so he could use the restroom. I said, "Sure,"
and learned the quickest way to earn one's trust
was have him watch your stuff for five minutes.
I also learned that thieves were all around.
We hung out and I played with Taco Bell.
John had a penny board he let me ride.
I took it for a spin by the skate park
and saw a short haired girl staring at me.
I made a loop, put myself on display,
before I sat beside her. "What's you name?"
We asked eachother and said, " Sarah."
She was drawing a flower in sharpie
on the concrete railing we sat upon.
I stared into her cavern, golden eyes.
She had short hair and wore raggedy clothes,
and told me how she'd left Tuscon to flee
her, "Batshit crazy religious family."
The rose that Sarah drew was beautiful.
I told, "Hey! I really like your art."
She said, "I'm gonna draw something for you.
Will you be around here sometime next week?"
I told her I was living in my truck
and promised her that I would stick around.
I got back on John's board and rode away,
Sarah had hypnotized me with her eyes.
John was still on the bench petting his dog,
all of my stuff was there. I trusted John.
I went to leave but promised I'd be back
in a few days and that we would hang out.
	I left and headed for the best tacos
at Leo's on Venice and La Brea.
I got five and sampled their verde sauce
then texted Javiar, "Hey dude what's up?
I'm back in town do you want to hang out?"
We took the ten headed for Malibu
and lit a joint when we were bout half way.
We hit some traffic, and I almost crashed.
Three girls pulled up in a convertable
and called to Javiar, "Hey pass the joint!"
I gave a little nod and he rolled down
the widow while the girls rolled up to me.
He passed the joint to them on the freeway.
We must have been going around twenty
miles an hour, then they fell behind.
I figured that the joint was gone for good
and turned to Javiar, "That was so cool!"
When suddenly the girls had reappeared
and gave the joint back calling, "Thanks so much!"
They sped away, we got to Malibu.
We had to pay like ten dollars to park.
I was upset, Javiar had to pay
but I gave him some weed and called it square.
Out on the beach we smoked another joint
and found a bunch of rocks along the tide.
I found a seashell, pink, purple, golden,
and kept it in my truck, it was good luck.
While we were heading back he asked me to
give him a ride to work at USC.
He worked security for frat parties
and said that he could sneak me in that night.
I waited for an hour in my truck
while he was in his house. I got back on
Tinder and started swiping to the right.
He came back out with a Hello Kitty
backpack and showed me inside was a bong.
We drove to USC, I parked the truck,
and hung out with him next to the front door.
Every frat kid was short and white,
and every security guy was black.
I watched the frat kids unloading a ford
F One-Fifty, the bed was full of beer.
It was the most cases I'd ever seen.
We stood around, I met the other guys
when some frat kid wearing a camo hat
opened the door and asked, "Well who is this?"
He pointed at me when he said, "Is he
working security?" "No sir, he's not."
Camo hat told me I was not welcome
and Javiar gave me a sorry look.
	I walked back to my truck and checked my phone.
I saw a Tinder chat from Kaniah,
a beautiful black girl, she thought I was 
hot and wanted me to come pick her up.
I texted Javiar, I had to go,
and he replied that I could still sneak in.
"Nah dude I'm going on a Tinder date."
He wished me luck and said, "Have a fun night!"
Kaniah lived up on Latiga Road,
a canyon in the hills of Malibu,
I parked outside her house and she came
gave me a hug, we drove down to the beach.
I brought the Hello Kitty backpack bong
and then we smoked, and held hands, under stars.
We talked about the pressures to fit in,
and how neither of us knew what to do.
I asked her, "Kaniah, maybe, kiss you?"
We kissed beneath a brilliant crescent moon
and ended up laying down in my truck.
When things were getting hot, and shirts came off,
we heard a sudden knocking from behind.
Someone, or something, had openened the hatch
on my truck's camper shell then slammed it shut.
We both sat up silent and terrified.
I thought that we were both about to die,
the zodiac shot kids in the same way,
but as the moment passed we both got dressed
and crawled back in the cab. I drove her home,
but halfway up Latiga Canyon Road,
she touched me and said, "You should pull over."
We stayed in bed till almost five A.M.
When I had finally taken her home,
and kissed her one more time beneath the dawn,
I drove back to the beach and slept all day.
	The next night I bought batteries at Fry's,
one hundred double As for twenty bucks,
and tried a number of different tacos.
Tito's tacos are hard shell, they have cheese,
and they taste like a better Taco Bell.
Next I drove to some place in Silver Lake,
and had some bomb tacos from Taco Zone,
but finally I went back to Leo's
because their al pastor is just the best.
They cut the meat directly from the spit,
a slice of pineapple, thats what you get,
A dollar twenty-five. I bought seven,
and ate them with juice from a lemon wedge.
Once I was full I found a place to park
in Venice Beach. I was ready to jam.
	I woke up early on a cloudy day
and washed my feet in the public shower.
You have to go there early, or they're gross.
I found a dispensor, half full of soap,
then ate breakfast. Peanuts and raisan bran,
along with bottled water in my truck,
were all I had. It was a healthy start,
By noon I met with Phil back on the beach.
"Hey dude! Where's Jack? Let's Jam!" I smoked with Phil.
"Yeah, Jack's been smoking meth. Don't fuck with him."
I shrugged and started setting up my amp.
We played a Grateful Dead tune, John came by,
and made some decent tips for the hour.
We both tipped out with money for dinner
and it was not even one o'clock yet.
Phil said, "Hey man, I've got a good idea.
Give me fifteen bucks worth of bud to sell
and let me flip it." "Or," I countered back,
"I'll front it to you and we can just split
a portion of the profit that you make."
"Ok, fuck yeah!" Phil shook and we agreed.
He walked away, holding up saggy pants,
and left his wooden drum with John and I.
I sat on the concrete and spoke with my
new friend, "So tell me John, how did you come
to Venice Beach and how long you been here?"
I stared back and watched him start to speak.
He was a young man, somewhere near my age,
but painted with a crust of filthiness.
His eyes were blue, he had long dark blonde hair,
and several of his teeth were turning brown.
His face was frecked, and he loved to laugh.
A dirty windbreaker matched his blue jeans
and Taco Bell was shaking in his lap.
"My girlfriend drove us here from Michigan,
we had this sweet RV, but totalled it,
and then we took the bus to Venice Beach.
My girlfriend, Jasmine, she's a total bitch
so I ditched her and got myself a tent.
It's big enough for four people to sleep.
If you don't have something nicer to sleep
you're always welcome to sleep in the tent.
Right now it's just Me, Taco Bell, and Phil."
I thanked him, but his offer I denied
and went back to busking with my guitar.
Phil had returned and brought a couple friends.
Two boys, and to their left, a dreadlocked girl
their names were Dylan, Rasta, and Jenny.
Dylan was tall and had well groomed hair,
Rasta was short, and built just like a dwarf.
Jenny was hot, in a hillbilly way,
she brought a hoola hoop and said hello.
Dylan and Rasta both had their guitars.
Phil introduced us, I took out my tips,
and we started playing Bob Marley tunes.
Rasta was a great singer and Jenny
did loops with hoola hoops, put on a show.
We had for sale some gem stones,and some art.
We jammed the day away, made cash, had fun,
when I see Sarah walking up to me.
Our eyes met, hers shining as golden ankhs,
she held between her hands a poster board,
"Hey dude I drew this for you. Here ya go."
and gave me an inspired work of art.
She had colored a forest, lots of green
mountains and trees complete with eagles, bears,
a waterfall, river, and other streams.
Written in the center, 'Humboldt Hippie."
I gave Sarah a hug, she was skinny
and smelled like cigarettes ashed in ice cream
then I displayed our brand new band poster.
A couple people knew Humboldt means weed,
they'd ask "What's up?" and Phil would sell them weed.
At nightfall we meet Rob who chanced to say,
"I'm homeless and I have no where to stay."
Phil offered him a spot inside the tent.
Rasta and Dylan split so we tipped out.
They left with Jenny and I too walked off
the beach, and spent the night in my truck bed.
	The next morning I took a walk along
the beachside and I met some homebum folk.
Hippie sat cross legged on the concrete
holding a cardboard sign. His jean jacket
had worn out and tattered around the seams.
I gave him one nug for three dollar bills
and he thanked between his missing teeth.
I doubled back and that's how I met Bear.
He was an older man, his hair was grey,
and brought two office chairs down to the beach.
He carried with him a paper mache
six foot tall blunt, I had to say hello.
"Hey! Is that thing actually filled with pot?"
He laughed and said, "No, this is just a prop.
The tourists love it and I charge five bucks
to have their picture taken next to it."
We smoked some weed and then I said, "Later."
Down by the flagpole I met up with Phil.
John was still with the tent and Rob had gone
to walk the boardwalk looking for a job.
We played for just a bit before Phil left,
he was hungry to go and sell my weed.
When John arrived he told me how the cops
had hassled him while he packed up his tent.
We smoked a joint and I just played guitar.
I didnt see Rasta, Dylan, Jenny,
or Sarah but I did make a new friend,
a short guy with an afro, said, "I'm King
and I'm a dancer. Would you mind if I
just danced here while you played a couple songs?"
I went to clean the tip jar as he said,
"It's all for you, I don't dance for money."
He wore black skinny jeans, and black street shoes,
a denim vest he'd painted black with 'A'
in bloody red encircled on his back,
and a hair pick was lodged in his brown hair.
He danced like a robot, was pretty good,
but I preffered it when Jenny had danced.
Phil came back, he was happy as a clam,
wearing a brand new jacket and a hat
he handed me my cut and talked to King.
At night we had a bicycle parade
and John hung christmas lights up in his rims.
When King had left, and Phil was up the street
Rob had returned, I let him play guitar.
He told me he worked an eight hour shift
selling t-shirts and that he got the job.
We joked how I had almost made as much
then walked up to the flagpoles and met Phil.
He was sweaty and on the verge of tears
explaining how someone had threatened him
and that he was tripping on LSD.
I just assumed he wanted to finess
me out of all weed I had fronted him
but listened to him tell his stoned tale.
"So earlier I stood right over there
and asked this guy if he needed some bud.
He looked sketchy, I should have known better
and he got in my face like, 'What you say?
You think that you can sell out here? On my block?',
grabbed my pinky and pulled it back like this!"
Phil showed me his dislocated pinky,
"When I told him I was just selling weed
he let go of me and said, 'Ok,
it's cool if you sell weed and hippie shit
but if you're selling crack, you're gonna pay.'
then he just let me go and walked away."
I looked at Phil, he was visably shook,
and something got his pinky that's for sure,
so I asked him, "Do you still have the cash?"
He had a bit but not really enought.
"I must have spent some on the LSD."
I left when John rolled up. Phil, laughing mad,
stumbled over John's dog and almost tripped.
I laid down in my truck and heard the rain.
	The news report said, 'pineaple express'
A torrential downpour flooded LA
and I sat in the back, afraid to leave.
The camper shell was caulked, but it still leaked
and I was busy covering them up.
I used a few t-shirts and did my best
to keep the water away from my bed.
Deciding where to go and seek refuge
from this biblical storm I had to drive
through flooded streets, no storm drains on the way
to Planet Fitness down in Inglewood.
The gym was mostly empty and brand new,
on TV was the porno president.
I used the locker room and charged my phone
while I worked out and showered. It felt safe,
this was by far the best Planet Fitness.
I walked back out into the falling rain
and thought that since I could not play guitar,
"I should go do laundry and charge my phone!"
A little place, with wifi, in The Palms
was where I ended up and washed my clothes.
Washed and dried, I went to the library,
sat down, and read the whole of Steinbeck's 'Pearl.'
The sun was going down, the doors were closed,
and I began to think about my friends
who were down on the beach, inside a tent.
I walked to them bringing a loaf of bread,
apples, crackers, a jar of creamy Jif,
and found John's tent behind the tennis courts.
Each court was occupied with at least one
small tribe of people living in a tent
but John's tent was alone out on the sand.
I came up and found the tent was hot-boxed
and John and Phil were not in there alone.
John let me in, I left my shoes outside.
I tucked them in a towel to keep them dry,
and met two new people sitting inside
the tent to Phillip's left, a boy and girl.
They both had iPhones, Miles and Lucy,
spoke with an accent and they claimed to be
a type of tourist who lodges for free,
"We slept in some dude's yard the other night
and last night underneath the Venice Pier.
After they left we ate our hobo feast
and wondered if those two had been siblings,
or friends, or lovers, or even English.
I left as soon as Rob came back from work,
and Phil made sure to ask me for more weed.
	The next day was normal, sunny, LA.
I went for a walk, the skies were pure blue
as the smog had been washed out by the rain.	
I saw Bear and he waved me over,
"Come over here! I saved a spot for you.
I like your music more than other folks
and I'd just rather you played here than them."
I thanked him and we talked about weather.
"It's good to see the blunt survived the rain,"
and Bear pointed, "I kept it in the tent
the whole time it was raining and last night
The Govenator brought us some pizza."
"No way! You saw Arnold Swhratzzenager?"
"I sure did! He lives right in that house there!"
He pointed up the street. I let it be
and started setting up in my saved space.
A shirtless man with mannequins on wheels
displayed his dolls on Bear's opposite side.
His name was Marcus, he was tight with Bear
and created patterns on plastic girls
with sharpies, glitter, paint, and sometimes nails.
He got a surprising amount of tips.
Soon John and Phil found me sitting with Bear.
In greeting, "Why are you so far down here?"
to them replied, "This is the ideal place!
We're not too far away from the flagpoles
so tons of people come walking through here
plus there are no shops on the other side
playing their music on the other side,
and my friend Bear here saved the spot for me."
They were convinced, we started to set up.
Dylan came by as I got out the sign.
This time he said, "Hey guys I brought my bass
and this little batterey powered amp."
We had a jam but his amp too small
I could not hear it, then Phil got pissed off.
He asked if I could front him some more weed.
I told him, "You still havent payed for the
Lazy Lightning you borrowed yesterday.
After you pay me back I'll lend you more."
So Phil stood up, took his sunglasses off,
and stared at me from ten inches away.
His eyes were filled with fire, and with hate.
He cursed me out and tried to start a fight
but John got him to just go take a walk.
Dylan agreed with me, "He's in the wrong,"
then King showed up and said, "Phil's such a bitch."
and we hung out until the sun went down.
The cops arrive with nightfall in Venice,
they creep along and shut everything down,
"By day OK, by night Thou shalt not busk."
they passed us by and we went acoustic.
Rasta showed up. We played reggae beneath
two flags, The Stars and Stripes above The Bear.
We got some tips as drunk folks left the bars,
and some guy talked to Rasta all alone.
He claimed to represent a radio
station that broadcast out of the south bay
and gave Rasta his card, then walked away.
Rob showed up after work. We watched the cops
driving dangerous speeds out on the beach
while someone in the distance cried "Murder!"
Me and Dylan ran out to try and help
but all we found was some homeless lady.
We walked back saying, "That chick's just tripping,"
and stood in a circle surrounding John.
Rob promised that after he saved some cash
he's getting off the street and housing up.
He entertained that we could all split rent,
that he would buy an ESP guitar,
and other noble naive fantasies.
I wished him luck and went back to my truck.
	The next morning I watched a baskeball
pickup game and I smoked a little weed.
After the game one of the players asked
me for a hit, I handed him the pipe.
He was, by far, the shortest in the game
and said his name was Woody then he gave
the password for WiFi on Muscle Beach,
"One, two, three, four, five, six, seven, eight, nine."
It really worked so I told him, "Thank you."
and walked along the beach till I saw Phil.
He looked at me, ashamed, and walked over,
"I'm sorry. Are we cool from yesterday?"
I said, "We are, but no more fronting weed."
As a token of his good will he gave
a plastic ten dollar grinder to me.
I took it cuz I didn't have one and 
used it to roll a joint before we jammed.
As we were playing some big dude rode by
on a scooter with a masive speaker
attached to it. He was playing Hip-Hop
which drowned out my guitar, and Phil's cajone,
but he knew Bear and stood right next to us.
His name was Amethyst and he was mean.
He had an army style duffel bag,
greasy dreadlocks and the custom scooter.
I was aware what he was there to do,
cuz on his back, he too had a guitar.
He was there to get us to go away
so he could take advantage of our spot.
I tried to play it cool and took a break.
He played a beautiful cover, 'Crazy,'
the Gnarles Barkley song. He put effects
onto his voice using an iPad as
a pre-amp, and a synthesizer too.
I thought that he was good and King showed up
as the day was transformed into twilight.
We saw a woman stumble down the street
then drop her pants and shit right on the sand.
We took that as our queue to walk away
and sat on the first bench in Muscle Beach.
King plugged his phone in and put on some songs.
He dance and pretty soon a cute girl came
out of the shops and gave him her number.
	King asked me for a ride back to his house,
and offered me ten bucks so I obliged.
It came up in our conversation that
he lived with his grandma and had appeared
dancing in someone's music video.
He said, "I know how to get in movies.
Up in Burbank there is a famous line
where you audition for Central Casting.
You have to show up early. I went once
around eight AM and the doorman said,
'We only let the first ten people in.'
the line was almost halfway down the block!"
I was intrigued. He said, "Let's go tonight
and get in line before anyone else."
I waited in my truck till King came back
out of his house. He brought cups of noodle
and he said, "I forgot, but you will need
to have a social security card
or else you can't complete the paperwork."
I was in luck, mine was in my backpack.
We drove the One-Oh-One into Burbank
and stopped beside a park before we went
to get hot water at the corner store.
We ate our cup noodles without a fork
and set our phone alarms for two AM.
I let King lie down and sleep in the bed
while I was dreaming in the driver's seat.
Alarms went off, we smoked a breakfast bowl
and we had got in line by two thirty.
We walked past massive roaches in the street
but we were not the first ones in the line.
A mother and daughter, two folding chairs.
They said they had been there since, 'bout midnight.'
We stood there in the squares marked 'three' and 'four'
waiting as the line formed slowly behind.
By four twenty there were more than fifteen,
but most people showed up at six o'clock.
A rival company passed out fliers,
and two mormons were handing their books
to the fifty people or so in line
when finally the front doors opened up.
"Ok people, listen, my name's Allen.
I'll tell you how this is going to work.
You need to have ID, two different kinds,
drivers liscence, passport, that sort of thing,
also a social security card,
certificate of birth or a green card.
We normally have room for, maybe, ten
but not today, we're only taking five."
Most people, even in the back, stayed put
and we only waited one hour more.
Allen was back out at nine AM sharp
and let twenty people go through the door.
They asked us at what time we had arrived,
our answers from midnight to five AM.
The lady seemed impressed by "Two thirty"
and we sat down in a nice conference room.
They passed our paper work and told us how
great stars like Will Farrel and Steve Carell
had sat before in those very same chairs.
They talked about harrasment, then explained
how to get work, "Inside the industry
there's a constant demand for background help.
We keep a database of your headshots
then organize them into archetypes
and show them to the casting director.
If your face fits the part we'll send a text
and ask if you're available to work.
Some of the times we're casting for a car
so if you have one write the model down."
We finished and then marched to the next room.
Our every move since we came through the door
had been described explicitly to us,
"Stand up and face the hallway to your left.
Walk to the hall in single file line
and wait until you hear your last name called.
Do not wear any hats or jewlery when
you step inside. Do not waste any time."
I realized that I had not brushed my hair
and had my flat bill on to look cleaned up.
My bed head, plus waking at 2 AM,
did not contribute to a great headshot.
I was the third one in front of the lens,
the picture was taken in three seconds,
and my headshot did not turn out so good.
I walked outside, it was nine forty-five
and drove with King back down into LA.
We both were tired, and we barely talked
He he wouldn't be at Venice Beach
tomorrow but he'd see me later one.
I dropped him off and then drove to a mall
and took a nap in a parking garage.
When I awoke I got my very first
casting call, "Can you work Big Bang Theory
on Tuesday morning, here, at nine o'clock?"
I was nervous and responded with, "No,"
then drove to Leo's for more al pastor.	
	That morning I woke up itching to busk.
I walked to Venice Beach, down from Main Street,
and set up in a spot pretty far out
infront of condos, where it was quiet.
I didn't see Phil, Rasta or Dylan,
but there were many other musicians.
Patrick brought his guitar on a skateboard
and had long hair like Weird Al Yankovic.
He spoke with a heavy german accent
and said I needed to, "Go practice more!
You miss the right notes when you try to bend
and all your solos sound mostly the same.
Show me your bend. Ok and now hear mine.
Can you hear how I hit the correct note,
and yours was out of tune, by just a bit?
You have to go back home and learn to play."
He was offensive. He was also right,
and I took everything he said to heart.
This other guy, named Banjo, hopped a train
from New Orleans all the way to LA.
He joked around and played on his kazoo
"Come have a giggle! Just pay a nickle!"
Wearing a tattered vest, conductors cap,
and overalls striped with silver and black,
Banjo was like a modern day jester.
He took Jenny back to his tent one night,
his voice was rough, perfect for hobo tunes,
he used to do 'The Man Who Sold the World,'
and he preffered to play guitar alone.
The beach also had a virtuoso
avant-garde piano player, Nathan.
He had a deal with one of the shops where
every night he'd help them lock their gate
and they would let him stay inside the shop.
Nathan slept underneath his piano,
behind a lock, and he was on TV
for composing a modern symphony
while living on the streets of Venice Beach.
He made enough money to hire help
from dirty kids to move his piano
each morning, and evening, across the strand.
All Nathan had to do was sit and play,
he rarely spoke, but played nearly all day.
There also was a mysterious man
named Kyle with a ukelale and 
a cardboard sign claiming 'Contestant on
TV's favorite: American Idol"
The strangest thing of all was he was short,
and always dressed like he was on the streets,
but by his side was a beautiful girl.
Breanna was her name, and she was nuts.
She told me, when I asked her, "What's your name"
"I'm actually Jesus Christ and Jesus
was actualy a woman. He was me!"
She had the kind of eyes that never blink,
and everyone wanted to be with her,
but she spent every day next to Kyle.
Harry Parry played while on roller skates
and tried to sell his t-shirt to tourists.
He was in some minor hollywood film
and had become an icon of the beach.
His face was always blank, expressionless,
he wore a dirty white turban, and robes,
that matched the guitar hanging from his neck.
He rolls around the beach making some noise
from his guitar that I can't call music.
Sometimes when someone gives him twenty bucks
he'll start to sing, and that's sometimes OK.
Woody told me he drives Mercedes Benz
and owns a house somewhere up in the hills.
"He does it all on purpose, it's an act.
He makes more money than anyone else
and sounds like he can't even play guitar!
He's been out here for twenty something years!
If you ask me, he's worse now than before."
There was a group across from the ale house
of toothless old men who covered Dylan.
Their rythm was solid, and they could sing.
In my opinion they sounded the best
but no one tipped them much cuz they were old.
I notcied they were all using the same
amplifier and asked the lead singer,
"So what's the deal? You all just use one amp?"
"It's pretty great. It has like ten inputs,
it's plenty loud and I also have this."
He indicated a car batterey
"That keeps me powered up sometimes three days."
I walked away impressed, and inspired.
I knew that I would need some better tools
as I walked up the beach and the sun set.
I found John halfway up, and he was crying,
"I lost my dog! Have you seen Taco Bell?"
I hugged him and I prayed he'd find his dog.
A woman came up, it was John's girlfriend.
Jasmine said they were back together and
John said, "No! We're just looking for my dog!"
I let them be and walked back to my truck
as John interrogated half the beach.
	Sometimes, in Venice, every day's the same.
The sun would break through the grey morning sky,
I'd walk along the beach, then wash my feet,
but there was always sand stuck to my shoes,
before walking back with weed, a guitar,
and dozens of double A batteries.
The man who worked at the dispensary
would wave and say, "Good morning," or, "What's up?"
and no one tried to sell me a CD.
Hippie would score a nug, I'd see Woody,
then on my way to Bear walk in between
rich joggers and homeless society.
I'd say, "Morning!" and tune up my guitar.
While Marcus was decorating his dolls
and Bear brought office chairs for The Big Blunt
I'd sing, "This land was made for you and me!"
Then Phil would show up, Dylan, King, and John.
We made music from the edge of the sand
and were well tipped whenever we would play.
Some people saw the 'Humboldt Hippie' sign
and sometimes we'd sell them a little weed.
Either me, or Phil, or sometimes even John,
would find out how much they wanted to pay
and then, depending on how much they knew,
we'd sell them anywhere betwen two bucks
a gram, if they knew how much weed was worth,
to porsche prices if they were tourists.
This dude who came all the way from Dubai
tried to pay twenty bucks for just one nug.
I almost laughed but asked for, "Twenty five,"
and he paid it without a second thought.
In Arcata a pound was two-fifty.
Sometimes Jenny would spin her hoola hoop
and one time while we played 'Not Fade Away'
first King, then Jenny, and then a dozen more
were dancing to the beat. When there's a crowd
the vibes tend to substantially increase
and everyone's a bit more generous.
Breanna would come by, she'd bring Kyle,
and we'd all hit on her in front of him.
She gave us hugs and stared hypnotically.
One time she gave me her roast beef sandwhich.
I'd seen her walking by with a white box
and called out, "Are you gonna finish that?
I'm hungry. Help me out here Breanna."
She gave it to me, and Kyle just watched.
Her leftovers were great. They were still warm
and I rubbed it in Dylan and Phil's face,
"She likes me more! Look! I got her sandwhich."
A giant biker covered in tattoos
asked if we sold, his helmet in his hands,
and John told him that I was, "Selling dope."
The leather giant asked me for a gram
and I said sure. We stood by the trashcan,
he asked if eighty-five bucks would be fair.
My tounge flew from my mouth, "You want an ounce?
Cuz eighty-five is way more than a gram!"
He looked down at me, puzzled, and replied,
"You are selling H? Like heroin right?"
"No dude I just sell weed!" "Oh I thought 'dope'
was heroin. My bad, I guess this was
just a misunderstanding. Well, goodnight."
We fist bumped and he dissolved in the crowd.
The band played music til the cops drove by.
When we tipped out at the end of the day,
and split the cash by who preformed the most,
Dylan and I had more than  one hundred.
We were amazed, "This  pays like a real job!"
Phil celebrated with forties and pipes,
Dylan got a new rasta guitar strap,
John took the bus to search for Taco Bell,
Jenny had bought herself some heady rocks,
and King got himself a bluetooth speaker,
but I had bigger plans for my money.
	I took a couple days off from the beach
and invested the money I had made.
The Nike store in Santa Monica
was my first stop to buy some brand new shoes.
I got the grey ones then I sent a text
to someone selling a Roland PA.
I bought the same model the old guys had
for two-hundred dollars, by the freeway.
I ate a fifty dollar sushi lunch
and then I tried to hit up Javier.
I still had his Hello Kitty backpack,
I wanted to return it, and his bong,
but he had me wait over an hour
sitting in my truck till he came outside.
He sat down and made up some bad excuse.
We sparked a joint while driving through downtown
and I asked him, "What's the sketchiest place
you know about? Let's drive over there."
He said, "South central's sketch, and nothing's there.
It's just miles of houses but Skid Row
is nearby if you wanna see some shit."
"That sounds like fun!" I said. He led me down
San Pablo street. I saw with my own eyes
a dozen city blocks, a thousand tents
in front of wet markets dumping moldy
piles of vegetables, some dry goods too,
while broken men scavenged through the debris,
there were were zombies walking across the street,
a man missing his legs pushed a wheelchair
through fragments of a shattered window pane,
a man with legs was crouching, smoking crack,
then Skid Row turned into DTLA.
We were a little shook, and lit a joint,
to calm our nerves before we got dinner.
I asked him, "Where are the best dumplings at?"
He took me to non descript stip mall
where we had giant dumplings, and pan fried
korean potstickers. That place was great.
I drove him to his house and dropped him off.
Javier dissapeared above the stairs
and I used the restroom at McDonalds.
The Crenshaw Micky Dee's locks their bathroom,
I had to spend a buck to get the key
while every pair of eyes would follow me.
The manager himself gave me my food
and I ate it, alone, out in my truck.
At midnight was my twenty-first birthday.
	The next day, by dumb luck, I parked behind
where Dylan was parking and we checked out
eachother's rigs. He had a minivan,
his bed had been raised up on a platform.
He said he shared with Rasta, but Jenny
had a microbus parked across the street
where Rasta slept last night. Then he showed me
a microphone and stand that he had got.
He was planning to make our jams the best.
We sat inside his van and smoked some weed
and practiced a new song: 'Hard to Handle'
Once we warmed up we headed for the beach
bringing his microphone and my PA.
When we showed up Bear knew we meant business
and John was most impressed with out new toys.
We settled in and set PA levels,
the tone was not as good as my first amp
but we could finally hear Dylan's bass.
The microphone helped to project our voice,
we were louder, better, and made more tips.
With King's dancing, and Jenny's hoola hoop,
we were on fire. That's when Amethyst
set up not even twenty feet away
and started blasting his hip hop music.
We looked around, now we were better armed,
and turned our PA louder than his rap.
He gave up, and approached us in defeat.
"Can I just rap with you guys while you play?"
We split our tips and let Amethyst sing.
He was the perfect, powerful, frontman.
We got Banjo to introduce the band,
"You're all in luck, step up, and be amazed.
Phil here on drums! The beat is what lays.
Dylan on bass! You'll feel the riffs he plays.
The Humboldt Hippie! Who? He'd never say.
He plays some sweet guitar though every day.
Our dancing anarchist, The King! In grey,
and singing for you all, is Amethyst.
If you would be so kind when it's over
throw in a buck, or ten, or a quarter.
I give you, in addition to my speech:
The Dirty Kids play live on Venice Beach!"
We jammed in dirty blues, the key of E,
while Amethyst was singing to the crowd.
He interacted with people watching
and customized his words. He hit on girls
or commented on dudes wearing sweatpants.
Sometimes he'd tell a joke, or an insult
while working with the rhythm of the band.
That was the best birthday I've ever had.
We tipped out as the sun began to set
and Amethyst wanted a bigger cut.
We split it equal, he walked off angry,
and I mentioned that it was my birthday.
Phil wanted to get drunk, but I said no,
and we hung out around the big flagpole.
Rasta came with his acoustic guitar
and said he just played on the radio.
We took our chances, and we plugged back in,
and jammed a little reggae by the bar
backing Rasta who was in perfect form.
We only played a bit cuz it was late,
then said goobye. It felt almost just like
a cracking egg, a baby being born.
We all knew there was something special there
before I made a terrible mistake.
	I woke up early. I wanted food stamps
and I was circling the block by eight.
I really had to pee. I made a stop
at Wendy's and was back by eight fifteen.
By then parking was at capacity.
I drove around cursing myself and God
when my phone rang. I got a call from Sean,
a friend of mine I met at HSU.
He said he missed me and offered a job
at Toni's Diner if I would come back.
I was angry and sad, maybe depressed,
and Sean reminded me of better days
when I was younger and life was easy.
My time on Venice, with The Dirty Kids
was over when I hit the One-Oh-One.
First King, then Dylan sent a final text,
"Hey what time are you heading to the beach?"
I answered them, "I'm never coming back!
This is the will of God," and that was that.
	I stopped in Isla Vista before noon.
My brother met me at a coffee shop
and I brought my harmonica to play.
I met a couple girls before this guy
with crusty dreads and a powerful smell
sat down. My brother said, "This is Kristo,
He hops on trains and sleeps down on the beach."
Kristo was drinking cans of malt liquor
and told me, "Never jump onto a train
if you can't count how many bolts per wheel."
We smoked a couple cigs and Kristo asked,
"Since you're hauling north can you please take me?
I need a ride. San Louis Obispo
is on the way. I'll give you twenty bucks."
Kristo was sloppy drunk and smelled like ass
but twenty bucks sounded like a good deal.
"I have to get my mom to drop it off."
I thought for sure that this was a drunk lie
but thirty minutes later he got up
and hugged a woman in a silver car.
"Yeah that's my mom so anyways let's go!"
I wasn't sure how Kristo looked so rough
but had a mom who dropped off cash for him.
They hugged, and he smelled like he pissed himself.
He gave me twenty bucks and on the ride
he opened up another can of booze.
"Kristo, I'm sorry, you can't drink in here.
If I get pulled over we'll go to jail."
"My bad!" He threw the can out the window
and lit a cigarrete, I didn't mind.
We took the first exit where signs said 'SLO'
and I ditched him at Seven Eleven.
I drove that day back to San Francisco,
got turned around on Van Ness Avenue
and somehow ended up on Fillmore Street.
I turned on Geary by the Boom Boom Room
and had to pass a bus then made a right.
I took Steiner across Pacific Heights
and crossed the golden bridge beneath the night.
I was tired, Veneta was playing,
I parked outside a house in Novato.
When I woke up I pissed in their front yard,
a sad beginning to a shitty day.
	I turned the key, then Bertha was playing,
and got onto the southbound One-Oh-One.
I sang along, my speed was sixty-five.
The next song came on: Playing in the Band.
The version from Veneta is the best
and I started bopping, tapping my hands
singing along, "No sin upon his hands!"
When I rear ended a honda civic.
I tried to hit the brakes, I was too late
and hit her going at least twenty five.
We pulled over to the right hand shoulder
and I got out to see how fucked I was.
An evil steam was rising from my hood
and on the ground my truck bled out her life.
My front end had been hideously smashed
but the civic had only one small dent.
"Oh my God! Will I be able to drive
out of here? I cannot be late for school!"
I looked between the girl, and then my truck
and told her, "Babe, I think you'll be just fine"
Her name was Grace and she had short blond hair.
A Pink! jacket, a pair of yogapants,
those fuzzy boots and a starbucks lattte
asked me if I had an insurance card.
"I'm homeless and this truck was all I had!
I don't know where I'll sleep or what to do.
I thought I had a job waiting up north,
but now I'm stuck down here," I almost cried.
Grace hugged me, her body was soft, and warm.
She told me that she wouldnt call the cops,
and even gave me a Benjamin bill.
Her blue eyes looked at mine and understood.
	She went to drive away when a tow truck
appeared and asked me if I needed help.
I told him everything inside his truck,
and he said that I had a few options.
"You leave it here the cops are gonna know
they'll impound it and charge you for the wreck.
Now I can tow you off of the freeway
but have to charge you. Plus, if it's totaled,
You'll have to pay to get it all fixed up.
If you're really homeless, and have no cash,
let me take you straight to the wrecking yard.
The junk man can take care of your old truck
and he can pay me for the tow as well."
"But what about my bed, and all my stuff."
"It's up to you." I didn't have a choice.
He towed my car into Santa Rosa
and let me charge his phone off of his dash.
We reached the junkyard and he made a deal,
I got the feeling he did this alot.
He left me with a man and his junkyard.
Hector was short, and fat, and mostly bald.
He acted like he didnt know english
and said, "You leave and take what can carry"
My backpack and my acoustic guitar.
I stuffed the bag with shirts, and all my weed.
I wore my grey shoes, and my grey jacket.
I left everything else there with Hector
and walked a lonely road to the highway.
	It was my first time sticking out my thumb
and waiting for a ride. I counted cars
as they drove past me until one hundred
then I would walk to the next enterance.
More than three hundred passed before I got
my first ride from a young kid round my age.
He drove a silver Honda Element
and kicked me out one town up in Healdsburg.
Compared to Santa Rosa, it was dead.
If I had known he was only going
fifteen miles I would have stayed behind.
I thought, "I'll never catch a ride out here!"
So I walked on the side of the highway
and stuck my thumb out hoping for a ride.
	I barely had to wait before a green
oldschool Volkswagon pulled in front of me.
A large and hairy man invited me,
"I'm going thirty miles up to work
in wine country. C'mon I'll give ya a ride."
His name was Jordan and he was friendly.
He asked me if I wanted to come work
the vineyards, "We can always use some help."
but I declined and he was cool with it.
He dropped me off beside an overpass.
There were no cars or buildings to be seen
but he assured me, "That's the perfect spot
to hicht out from. I see dudes all the time
post up right there and they always get rides."
He pointed to a concrete triangle
beside the freeway on ramp. I was not
so confident. This road seemed too empty
but he was cool. I offered him some pot
and when I handed it to him he had
pulled out a knife and said, "Don't trust no one."
My heart forgot to beat. He handed me
the handle and said, "Here protect yourself."
He took the weed and then he went to work.
While I was waiting on the triangle,
inspecting the huge knife he gave to me,
I realized that I could have just been killed
and he had taught an important lesson.
There were only two cars in ten minutes
but I did not have to wait very long.
	It was less than an hour when a man
with grey hair, driving in a classic car,
pulled over and took me to Ukiah.
I shook his hand, and it was made of stone.
He said he always gives hitchikers rides
cuz in his youth he got a lot of rides
and felt it his duty to repay them.
We talked about betrayl, about true love,
the canna-industry, and growing old.
I asked him to drop me off at Starbucks,
he missed the exit, and another one,
but dropped me off a mile down the road.
	I got to Starbucks and plugged in my phone. 
I used the pisser and broke my hundred.
I got a large cup of straight black coffee
and found a ride to Humboldt on Craigslist.
While I waited for him to pick me up
I spent some time writing in my journal
before I went to meet him outside Ross.
I sat under a tree and blew my harp,
hitchiking teaches you to blow better,
a redhead woman paced with a suitcase.
When Matt, the driver, finally arrived
I watched the woman walk up to his car.
I followed her and introduced myself.
I packed my things into Matt's tiny trunk
and slammed it shut then sat down in the back
next to the woman. Her name was Rochelle
Matt and his massive wife were in the front.
They'd come from Oakland and could drop us off
anywhere we wanted in Humboldt too.
It became quickly clear Matt drove like shit,
so bad that I, sometimes, feared for my life.
Rochelle made one or two observations,
"Dude! Matt! Slow down!" or "Matt, stay in the lane!"
We passed through Garberville around sundown
and ran out of gas indside Eureka.
The gas station we reached was not open
and he could't get the car to start up
so Matt and I walked up the street to Shell
and filled a gas can up then walked it back.
He asked me, "What do you think of Rochelle?"
I said, "I think she's hot. What about you?"
"She seems to me like an absolute bitch.
I wish I hadn't even picked her up."
I bit my tongue and we got to the car.
Rochelle had left and called a taxi home
so Matt was happy while he drove me to
Arcata and he said, "If you ever
find out you need another ride call me.
I liked you," as he gave me his number.
	He let me out in Healthsport Parking lot,
a short walk from Etienne's apartment door
whoe welcomed me, "You can sleep on the floor!"
We smoked some weed, "I have to go see Sean,
but I'll be back to sleep later tonight."
I walked to Sunny Brae with my guitar.
Sean's house was at the top of a small hill.
His lights were on, so I knew he was home.
The door opened on Sean, Sandra, and Nik.
We hugged. They said I looked a total mess
and listened absently to my story,
"I hitchiked here, alone, in just one day.
I was playing guitar in Venice Beach
and all these people thought we were reall good."
We talked about guitar, I took mine out,
and discovered it smashed into pieces.
I mourned the loss of my stringed companion
when rockstar Mike came bawling through the door.
He was flanked on both sides by leather coats
who propped him and offered him more beer.
"I'll never love again!" Poor Michael said,
and my story was rapidly ignored.
I'm not sure that Michael even saw me
behind the tears that ran down his pale cheecks.
He slumped into his throne, a weeping king
of Rock and Roll attended by his court.
His girlfriend had been unfaithful to him
and he reminded me of my own past.
The words of love's decay all sound the same,
"I thought she loved me. How could she do this
to me when I did nothing but love her?
It feels like love is nothing but charades,
we were planning a trip, to go to Spain,
should I still go? Could it still feel the same?
Maybe if I call her and just explain..."
"You're not calling, here, have another beer,"
one of his councilors presented him
while Sean and Nik were knealing at his feet.
The sovereign raised his eyes, began to speak,
"I'll just have sex with everything that moves
and carve carnal revenge from woman's flesh.
I'll start with Ally, and some of the girls
who dance in the front row at our next show,
then freshman and that hippie chick Noelle.
I'll fuck them all until I can forget
what love is. I will use them just for sex."
"That's more like it! Now quick, finish your beer!"
His attendants led Michael to his bed
and Sean offered, "You can sleep on the couch."
I told him I already had a place
but would apply at Toni's pretty soon.
He told me, "Get there early, eight AM,
with printed resume, ask for Karen.
Tell her that Sean sent you, you'll get the job.
I hugged him and walked out with my guitar
listening to the echoes of heartbreak.
I left the broken corpse of my guitar,
abandoned in it's case, on Crescent Way.
I went back to Etienne's. He let me stay
for free saying, "That's just what friends are for,"
and I slept on his floor till summer tour.







