	Now I have told of days on Venice Beach
and fickle stardom always out of reach
but now I must change gears, and mend my speech,
our topic: Toni's, Bo, and wicked streets,
then Dead and Company at summer's peak.
	I spent my first day back in Arcata
smoking weed while Etienne was off at school.
When he came back we took a walk downtown
and got a dozen doughnuts down at Don's.
My favorite was the apple fritter and
Etienne preffered the maple custard bar.
He lent me his college library card
so I could use a printer the next day.
I saw so many kids I recognized,
some friends, some foes, some freshmen from high school,
walking through campus to the library.
I stayed focused, printed five copies and
walked back down Union Street to Etienne's.
He passed me, screaming, while riding his bike
weaing a leather coat, dark boots, black jeans.
A girl across the street just stared at him.
He rode past me and didn't even stop.
I got back, he said he didn't see me
and was singing along to some rap song.
Etienne's apartment was a studio
with a kitchen, a bathroom, and one room.
When you walk in the bathroom's to your right
the kitchen's dead ahead and the main room
is cluttered with laundry and two grow tents.
A strong odor of weed is the first thing
that hits you as you walk inside. A small
table with two bongs sits against the wall,
behind a grow tent is Etienne's bed,
and taxiderm spiders serve as decor.
His cabinets were full of grow nutrients,
and jars of bud the nutrients had fed,
his kitchen was tiny, and made more cramped
by the ten gallon trash bag full of trim
he kept in the corner next to the sink.
The fridge was empty, except for some juice,
a can of whip cream, and a couple beers.
The frezer was exclusively for hash
processed from the trim using bubble bags.
We had making hash down to a routine.
Taking turns, one would pull the water out,
the next would scrape the bags onto a plate
and then replace the bags and get fresh trim.
We could do several pulls in one hour
and organized the hash by quality.
He didn't have an ice machine at home
so he'd have to smuggle it back from the school,
and racing with the clock, we'd get to work.
His freezer had dozens of mason jars
and some of them were filled with water hash.
The purest stuff we used for taking dabs,
the others were for bowls or edibles.
Sometimes he'd sell a mason jar and make
a couple hundred bucks, which wasn't bad
considering the work was not that hard,
and he got the whole bag of trim for free.
We took some dabs and he put on TV
his favorite show: Californication.
I told him I was getting up early
to try and get a job down at Toni's.
He hit the light and plugged in some headphones
while I slept with a blanket on the floor.
	I woke up as the sun began to rise,
took a shower, I shaved, and then got dressed.
I borrowed one of Etienne's nice shirts
and in the mirror I was a new man.
I left early and ate breakfast at Dons,
cream cheese bagel and an apple fritter,
before I walked an hour to Toni's.
I'd been there many times, always at night,
at eight AM it was a different place.
Women walked by and offered to refill
coffe, and no line of drunks out the door.
The place was quiet, I could hear the grill,
and said with confidence, "Good morning I'm
looking for Karen. I want to apply
for a job, and I brought my resume."
The woman at the counter eyeballed me,
"Karen's not here right now, but she'll be back
in ten minutes. Would you like some coffee
to have while you wait for her to come back?"
I took my coffee black, sat in a booth,
and soon was joined by a longhaired redhead
who shook my hand, smiled, said, "I'm Karen."
and quickly read over my resume.
"I see you've done this kind of thing before,
are you available to work at night?"
"Absolutely, Sean told me it was nights."
"Oh, you know Sean? Fantastic, wait one sec."
She got up and them promptly reappeared
and handed me a stack of paperwork.
"Just take these home and fill them out tonight,
and we'll give you a call later this week.
Make sure to bring two forms of your ID
and non-slip shoes. We provide the aprons."
I thanked her then I shook her hand again
and walked another hour into town.
I had to ride the bus to Eureka
where they sold non-slip shoes down at the mall.
	I got back to Etienne's that afternoon
and found him watering his cannabis.
He was listening to a Berner song
while I smoked weed reading Toni's handbook.
We went to buy celebratory beers
but I got held up in the parking lot
with my former roomate, Oscar, who said,
"I thought that you were living on the street!
Just so you know we sold all of your stuff
and I used the money to wash my clothes.
I'm not trying to talk down to you or...."
"You can't talk down to me, Oscar, I am
taller than you," I interrupted him.
He lost his words and could not recover,
his face turned red and he talked in circles
before he turned in retreat to his car.
I was upset. I didn't like the guy
who just last year had been one of my friends
and now treated me like a dirty kid.
I let him leave and caught up with Etienne.
We bought two forties, imperial stout,
and opened them when we had gotten back.
I told Etienne about seeing Oscar,
and how we had both acted kind of mean,
then as he passed the joint to me he laughed,
"Dude! That's the best response I've ever heard!
You can't talk down to me cuz I'm taller!"
I was not proud, but I did feel clever,
then fell into a deep and drunken sleep.
	I woke up to a phone call from Toni's,
they asked if I could start tomorrow night.
I had a job, my life fell into place.
I'd wake up and collect two bucks in chage
to pay the bus then I'd take a short walk
and eat lunch, sometimes Don's, sometimes tacos,
before waiting at the transit station.
While on the bus I was learning python
using an app on my phone that explained
the difference between strings and numbers.
I'd come to work then put my apron on.
I started out just doing the dishes.
The day shift was easier work, but worse
people. Their manager was named Shelley
she was a fifty-five year old woman
with shoulder length grey hair and wore glasses.
Shelley had worked for Toni many years
and was a stickler for all the rules.
She played Candy Crush on her lunch break and
I never saw her wash a single plate
but she would constantly get on my case,
"That water's dirty! You should use more soap!"
Behind the counter was a girl, Katelyn,
dirty blonde hair and fresh out of high school.
She drove a red prius that matched her lips
and if you weren't her friend she was a bitch.
There was Ricky, who only spoke spanish,
and Alex was the girl who ran the grill.
I knew Alex from some of Sean's parties,
she had dark skin, brown eyes, long straight black hair,
and laughed with just the left side of her mouth.
She always knew if you were feeling down,
sometimes she'd scratch your neck and ask, "What's wrong,"
and other times she'd bark, "Time to man up!"
My favorite coworker, Victoria,
was rarely there. She was my Toni's crush,
if she was there then I had a good day.
Victoria is who taught me milkshakes.
One of the things Toni's is famous for
is their two dozen flavors of milkshakes.
A massive menu hung up on the wall
beside the door listing them A to Z.
There was the usual like strawberry,
vannila, butterskotch, cookies and cream,
but also lavender, and chai spice tea.
The secret was a blender for ice cream.
You add ingrediants, and some soft serve,
then swirl them together with this machine.
It could blend banannas and oreos,
penut butter and once, done by request,
chocolate, cherry, avocados and cream.
	On the night shift I'd start at ten o' clock
and there would be a rush till after two.
Drunk people love milkshakes around midnight
and I could spend two hours standing there
mixing milkshakes and calling out their names.
The crew was more laid back there after dark.
Daniel had a moustache and went to school
where he was part of some popular frat.
He was a grill master and could get out
thirty cheeseburgers in thirteen minutes
but sometimes, when his frat buddies showed up,
he'd go hang out for ten, or thirty minutes.
A long haired guy named Paul worked front counter.
He kept his hair pulled in a ponytail
till after work then he'd let it hang out.
He rode his skateboard, when it didn't rain,
and I never saw him loose his temper.
On good nights my friend Sean would work with me
and he showed me all of Toni's secrets,
"There's one hundred and one cows on the wall,
we counted them one time when it was slow."
He pointed to the post-it-note attached
to the clock radio and said, "Hey look!"
It read, in bold letters, "NO GRATEFUL DEAD!"
"I got them banned!" Sean said rebelliously,
"Toni's new rules are just play top forty."
I asked him, "Who is Toni anyway?"
Daniel had scoffed, "You don't know Toni yet?"
and Sean replied, "She's just a rich woman
who's dad bought this place in the seventies.
Back then it was a drive through place called Dot's
and Toni had to name it for herself,
but she's not bad, she's actually quite nice.
At Christmas she gives everyone a gift
but right now she's probably in Thailand."
At ten the graveyard manager came in.
Her name was Jeanne but we called her G.
She wore a tight pulled bun, tons of makeup,
and liked to bring us treats when she came in.
Sometimes she'd dip strawberries in chocolate
and put them in the freezer for dessert.
Other times she'd say, "Flu's going around."
and pass around the cups of her potion.
I never asked her what was in that drink
that made me hyper focused on my work,
but none of us came down with flu that year.
After the rush we'd start taking our breaks
and Toni's policy on food was rough.
She would allow one meal that was half off
per shift to be eaten on your lunch break.
Now normally family meal should be free,
but a three dollar omelette was OK.
After our breaks we'd try to clean the place
before the breakfast rush at five AM.
Sometimes G would comandeer the dish pit
and bring in dirty laundry from her car.
I watched her once wash, rinse, and sanitze
her underwear before running them through
the dish machine while I scrubbed down the grill.
Sometime's Id have to stay past 6 AM,
We couldn't leave until the place was clean,
the last thing that we did was mop the floors.
Then I would just walk home and count my tips.
The job was fine, the people pretty cool,
but the best part by far was all the tips.
We split them equally and often left
with twenty bucks or more in our pockets,
the late night Toni's crowd knew how to tip.
I'd walk three miles and I'd listen to 
the Grateful Dead while the sky lit up grey.
The birds would start to chirp but Don's stayed closed
each night from three AM till six-thirty.
	On my days off I worked odd jobs for an
old friend of mine, Bo, a drug dealer.
He came out a swamp in Tennessee
and I met him through a Snapchat story.
Once he was out of jail brown curly hair
he left long, living in California.
He'd have me ship packages in the mail
and drop them off down at USPS
then we'd take dabs and he'd pay fifty bucks.
I never saw what was inside the box,
but he was somehow selling pounds of weed.
We'd didn't normally hang out that much.
the only times he was happy was when
he snorted ketamine, played Rainbow Six.
He brought his mom into Toni's one time
in the middle of the busiest night.
	Some nights at work were pleasant like the breeze
while other nights we'd curse, and make good tips.
Four-Twenty was insane but the whole rush
was over after the stoned sunset.
The worst rush was high school prom night by far,
where hundreds of hungry and tired teens
who need a place to go after the dance,
roughly one in ten is high on something,
and their tribal shouting, would turn Toni's
into a sixth period freshman gym.
So much yelling, so many breakfast plates,
but I remember being one of them.
It had not been five years since I was on
the opposite side of the counter to
get late night hashbrowns after prom with Kim.
The rush persisted till a rosy dawn
and we left late, well into breakfast shift.
	With summer rising Etienne told me,
"I'm going to LA, and Mexico
in two weeks with my dad and I need you
to take care of the plants while I'm away."
He drew a calendar, and a dosage
schedule, then he showed me how to create
a feed solution using chemicals
pulled out of white bottles with a syringe.
It wasn't hard, just like making a shake,
and pretty soon he left me there alone.
	One night, at work, a large woman grabbed me
from behind and said, "Hi, my name's Toni."
I recognized her face, it's on the wall
in a newspaper clipping, near the back.
Her rings were large, and she had Reagan hair,
two glittering earings with silver pearls,
a red coat like the british regular's,
and she said, "We just got back from Thailand
and wanted to come in and get a dinner.
Thank you for helping out, and what's your name?"
I told her what it says on my ID
then we shook hands and I made her milkshake.
Last year she gave Daniel a PS4
but all she gave me was minimum wage.
While walking home that night, next to Safeway,
a silver truck pulled up in front of me
then drove off, and threw two raw eggs at me.
One bounced off of my coat, the other missed
but I walked home feeling angry, depressed.
	I'd still go, once a week, and work for Bo
but one time he was watching Grateful Dead
on youtube and we bonded over that.
After I got back from the post office
Bo asked if I wanted to see Deadpool
down at the theater, and he would pay.
He took a line, then dialed an Uber
and we went down to Broadway Cinema,
sparked joints out front, he brought his ketamine,
and watched the movie. It was just OK,
but by the end Bo was starting to fade.
He had taken too much of his powder,
we walked out in the night, he called Uber,
and payed to to drive me all the way home.
We sat down side by side in the back seats
and the driver looked back, behind her hair.
We dropped Bo off and no one said a word.
She drove back on the steet and asked, "What's up
with your homeboy? Was he just too fucked up?
Cuz I seen him back there almost passed out."
"Yeah he was doing too much Ketamine."
She looked at me in her riew view mirror
and said, "My name is Becca by the way.
Do you want a York mint?" She handed me
one of her silver candies and we laughed
over some jokes. We talked about some weed
she had back at her place and wanted to
know if I'd come over and smoke with her.
She turned her Uber off and drove right past
Etienne's apartment. We went to her place,
which was an apartment in Sunny Brae,
we sat down on her couch and we smoked weed.
She asked me what I wanted on TV,
Lord of the Rings with her head on my lap.
We fooled around  and ended up in bed
and then we layed there. "I'm forty," she said,
"and how bout you?" "I'm only twenty one."
She laughed, but then acted as if asleep,
and I got dressed and took my walk of shame.
	Before work Bo asked me to go pick up
a money order for him, in my name.
I told him, "Sure" but then looked at the time.
"I can't make it today dude I'm sorry."
I texted him but he said, "That's OK
I'll just meet you at Arcata Safeway."
I thought about the risk that I would take,
and how he'd only pay me fifty bucks.
I made that much in tips in one weekends
and I was not hurting for cash at all
so I just took the bus and went to work.
The next day he was furious with me
and threatened me, "If you don't pick that up
just wait and see what I will do to you."
I tried to tell the cops but they were closed
so I just went to work and stayed alert.
I saw him get out of the car outside
with two men dressed in black at two AM.
I feared the worst, I turned around and hit
inside the walk in fridge and killed the lights.
The door opened a few minutes later
and I watched my whole life before my eyes,
"Oh there you are." G said with a smile.
I asked her, "Did that guy ask about me?"
She said, "No. Why? You know him or something?"
Then I explained the danger I was in
and told her I would need to quit, to flee.
She looked at me and then clocked out for lunch
before bringing her car to the back door.
"Get it. I'll keep you safe and get you home."
We talked about mistakes that we had made
and she left me at Healthsport parking lot.
	After the eggs, and that last night at work,
I rarely left the apartment at all.
Every few days I'd go, at five AM,
to Safeway for more ramen, bananas,
frozen veggies, ice cream and oreos,
then stay inside to hide from the city.
Since I had cash I went onto Craigslist
and bought an old laptop from an oldman.
It was a two thousand eight black macbook.
The man had a grey beard, and wore flanel.
It cost a hundred bucks then he gave me
the power cable and a small flash drive.
I went back inside as fast as I could 
and feared that I'd been seen by secret foe
out on the pavement under the red skies.
I powered up the laptop and I got
set up with a python interpreter
and got connected to the internet.
I went to Youtube and I put on Jerry,
but the video would not load at all.
Safari was too old, unsupported,
to play a simple YouTube video
and I could not update because Apple
decided my laptop was just too old.
I had to figure out what I could do.
Neccesity, the mother of invention,
led me to discover GNU Linux,
an open source operating system.
After reading a few tutorials
I was able to boot into linux
and Firefox could play YouTube all day.
I spent most of my time learning to code
and wrote a couple simple python scripts
like tic-tac-toe, piglatin translator,
then tied them up all in a day at school 
tech demo game I wrote, all in python.
I streamed the dead archive twenty four seven
and lived nocturnally until Etienne
returned and then I plotted my escape.
	While hiding in the dark I watched online
the summer tour of Dead and Company.
They were playing in Eugene pretty soon
and I knew that I needed to be there.
I went on Craigslist to look for a car
and found a shitty ninety-three grand prix
for seven-hundred bucks. I met the guy
outside the Red Lion in Eureka
then shook his hand and bought the pontiac.
It smelled like cigarretes, and felt sticky.
There was a 'USA!' bumper sticker
and he had lost the title so he signed
an envelope to serve as my receipt.
He asked me to give him a ride back home
and I realized it was empty on gas.
That day I had to prepare my new bed.
A pillow and blankey, then I bought
a giant wrench to unbolt the back seats,
laid down a little foam and I was done.
I told Etienne it was my time to go
and follow summer tour to a new life.
My friend wished me, "Good luck!" and then I left.
	I drove all night going up to Eugene
and found a couple problmes with the car.
There was an oil stain beneath the seats,
and sometimes it made a strange vibration,
but it was strong and hurled me with great speed
to Cottage Grove just out side of Eugene
where, taking a corner on the I-five,
a terrible vibration siezed the car.
I gasped and then suddenly it was calm
but I, worried about what caused that sound,
pulled over at a gas station nearby.
The guy came out and pumped some gas for me
and I walked to the back end of my car
where I found that the tread had been ripped off
from my back end right tire by the frame.
I showed the attendant who offered me 
a spot to park behind the station, "You
can park it there until my boss comes in."
"How far is it from here out to Eugene?"
"Eugene's about fifteen miles ahead."
"You think this tire could hold out that long?"
I took my chances and drove slow up north
then parked successfuly inside Eugene.
	I woke up hot and sweaty in the car,
it was already a hot summer day
so I rolled down the window to cool off.
It was aournd eleven but already
I saw groups of people in stealie shirts
coming and going from dozens of RVs.
I looked around on google for tires.
Even though I was getting close to broke
I had to take care of my mobile home.
I found a discount shop across the bridge
in Springfield where I bought a used tire.
The shop owner only charged me twenty
and then pointed out his help wanted sign.
We shook hands and I thought of his offer,
being so close to broke it sounded nice,
but I had something more urgent that night.



	I found a place to park the pontiac,
a lonely parking spot in a long line
of minivans and luxury sedans.
In front of me a pair of older men
were tailgating and offered me a beer.
I said, "No thanks," and then we smoked some weed.
I could already tell from their stealie
bumper sticker they were there for the show
and we talked about what we thought they'd play.
"Eyes of the World!" "No, they just played that one."
I rolled a couple joints and then mentioned
how I had come without a ticket, they
informed me all I had to do was wait
around on lot and stick my finger up,
"You'll find a miracle for sure.  Good luck!"
In my pockets I had a couple joints,
my car keys, lighter, and harmonica.
I left my phone and wallet with the car
and followed all the dirty people to
the pre-show gathering on Shakedown Street.
	A parking lot, directly opposite
the Autzen Stadium, had been transformed.
Hundreds of hippies were assembled to
electrify their modern day bazaar.
Two dozen canopies vending their wares,
two dozen more vending open secrets.
Grilled cheese, tie dyes, doses, that kind of thing.
A tall man in a denim over coat
stood near his art under a cowboy hat.
A sign beside, "Acid Free Blotter Art,"
intrigued me and I popped into his shop.
He sold, hand painted, custom toilet seats,
sticker, and pins, and sheets of blotter art.
A stranger knew his name, "Hey! Zane Kesey!"
They spoke a while as I turned away.
Sweet girls in rainbows walked about in groups
among the well to do, and vagabonds
while young people sold beers within the crowd.
I walked along, and stuck my finger up,
waiting patiently for a miracle.














