Hello, my once best friend, how have you been?
If you are well then know that I am too,
'si vales, valeo,' the romans said.
In opening, I hope you can forgive
the way I treated you. It was not right
and I apologize, really, sorry.
I should have treated you more like a friend,
listened better, not walked away from you
on Christmas, and I should have hit you up
to see what you were doing New Years Eve.
It was not right, I blocked you selfishly,
and I never seemed to appreciate
how nice it was to have a friend like you.


I'd like to clear the tension right away
and say only, "there isn't much to say."
You did something I would never have done
but did nothing to directly wrong me.
Between you and I, secret from the sun,
I don't care much, lets say "It was nothing."


as far as I can tell, Casey had an expensive drugHabit


This quarantine is such a heavy trip,
they've mandated face masks in my whole state
and life has radically (forever?) changed.
I hope that you have not suffered that much
from side effects of our modern day plague.
A cousin of mine tested positive
and felt a wicked fever for a while
but she's recovered now like no big deal.
It's strange to me, and you as well I'm sure, 
living through such an abnormal event.
No one, I'm sure, is free from looking back
at just last year, the zenith of mankind,
the peak of human life, at least thus far.
For you and I, and Casey, our zenith
came together down on Market and Four.
Of course I look back on last year fondly,
those were great times, I'm sure that you do too,
but I was not completely satisfied.


I must admit that often times last year
I'd find myself wanting to walk away.
In truth I think we needed time apart,
but having no one else just met back up.


So,
I see that from your blog you're back at home
I hope you've had a good time with you mom
and I was wondering, "You want to leave?"
I'm sitting on some cash, and so are you,
the rents are dropping in San Francisco,
and I'm predicting something will happen.
Perhaps an acre in rural Tennessee,
or 






