Background: TV, Market/Claude, Haight/Indianfood/fisherman's warf, Surgeries

Feb 25: Bart, Dolores, Nemo hat, walk to civic center, bart

March 10 2018: Bart guitar, Liz, Walk to freeway then market to church, train to Balboa, Liz and Malice to Oakland

March 11: Drive in to Balboa see liz skating park by ccollege, walk with her back to get guitar, sell to Matt, Mt. Davidson at night and sleep

March 12: Wake up piss/shit at City College, Haight Ashbury punched Fire on the mountain. Cloudy day. Chill in the panhandle record. Kingdom of Dumplings. Dip. Terripin>Estimated 280


Jack is doing meth now
Meet Dylan, Jenny, Rasta, and King. Sarah gives me the signfrontin weed to Phil. John and Phil share a tent.

Next day meet hippie, bear with the big blunt, that same van who Eitenne ripped off. Rob starts sleeping in the tent and get's a job with the souvenier shop. Phils making me money and everything is groovy. Bicycle parade, Phil takes acid that night and the cops driving crazy on the beach. The dudes threaten Phil "we're just selling weed" shoreline crypts.

Pouring rain, Planet Fitness cell phone charging and really nice but empty, laundrymat,  library, the pearl, The hippie familiy. Brought John and Phil bread and penut butter. Rob was at work a girl and boy Lucy and Miles came by and we all smoked in the big tent take you shoes off at the door! Phil borrows weed.
 
The next day Bear says he saved a spot for me, anrie pizza, Marcus with the dolls, set up first Phil and John, then King, then (Youth center) Dylan and Jennie show up. Big jam. Bear calls me over says I'm real good. Phil asks to borrow more weed. He gets in my face and threatens me but backs down. Dylan and John apologize and I leave when Rob gets off work. I let him play my guitar for a min and he says he's gonna buy a metal one after we rent out an apartment together.

The next day into Woody wifi password Phil apologizes, gives me the grinder and we jam. Amethyst comes by blasting his rap and me and King see a lady take a shit on the beach. We move down wind and he dances, gets that girl's number and asks me for a ride home.He throws me some bucks and shows me he was in a music video and asks if I wanna be in a move. Lets meet tomorrow and go to Burbank.

I picked him up in the afternoon we found a perfect parking spot in Burbank he brought cup noodles we walked down to the 7/11 smoked a joint in the little park and I let him lie down in the back. Alarm at 2 am we were the 2nd ones in line. Stood there till 9 first twenty in, paperwork, mugshots, out by noon. I dropped him off, tito's tacos and knocked out.

Jamin by myself John crying cuz he lost Taco Bell, Harry Perry walks by and the guy gives me strings. Walk down to the old guys band. Theyre really good. Talk about his amp...I should get one of those.

Jamin, makin lots of money, sold a $20 gram to a tourist, esy $5 from hippie every day. The heroin guy cuz I had 'dope' we split I got $90 from the tip jar. Full power jams with King and Jenny dancing then strangers dancing to NFA the girl gives me the roast beef sandwhich.

I went to go get new shoes and the PA

That final epic day (The doctor was in, CD guys no longer try to give me any) when we beat Amythyst. Rob quit his job, John cried and told me his life story, Rasta was in talks with the radio dude. Banjo acted like our MC.


Food stamps lot full, Sean texted me. Drove north to IV

Chilled at Cofee Collab with Logan, Krysto, his mom dropped of $20 and I dropped him off in SLO. Smelled like shit and we didn't smoke in the car. Drove straight up the 101 and apologized to King and Dylan. Drove thru SF turned on Fillmore then some side street then Lombard and crossed the bridge. Slept in Novato.

Bertha driving. Playin, crashing. Grace, tow truck, scrapyard, walking, hitching, Santa Rosa 100 cars twice, young dude nice car, Healdsburg, walking, just north of Cloverdale Justin or Jeremy, wanna work on a vineyard, here'e my number green oldschool civic dont trust no one knife. Didnt wait too long, the guy, oldschool low key car, very firm hand shake, I pick up hichhikers all the time, Ukiah by the Starbucks please. He got the wrong exit but he was cool. Talked about his failed marriage. Starbucks broke $100 on a mocha restroom got my phone charged craigslist ride with Hanna walkd down to ross harmonica while waiting. Myers Flat legs stretch, out of gas in Eureka. Walked up to shell from Patriot. Dropped Hanah off first, whatd you think of her? IDK, She was a bitch! Dropped me off at Etiens said anytime you need a ride hmu.

Don's, Tony's, Egg, finals, summer,  Bo, death threats, hiding inside. Watering plants. laptop etienne returns likes the laptop but not the game. I get the pontiac in Eureka no title was signed. 


The grow set up.
morning dons breakfast Toni's Karen We'll call you
walking back Take a flight safeway Oscar
Wake up with the job. Lunch, Take the bus, python, Katelyn, Alex, Daniel, Paul and Sean. Milkshakes, and front counter.
Walking home at night counting my tips. Don's doughnuts and or laundry.
Bo had me work on Tuesdays, take dabs, uber to post office,more dabs fifty bucks
Late night, madhouse milkshakes for hours, GIGI breakfast for dinner, Sean got in trouble for putting on the DEAD who is Toni anyways?. G did her laundry in the dish pit. Mop the floor and walk home as the sun came up. Grateful Dead. Don's was closed. The birds chirpping as I went inside.
4/20 was busy, and graduation night. Saving good cash Met TONI! the egg story Buddy and Etienne went down to LA. I had to take care of his plants.
Deadpool 2 with BO bus,theatre,smoking,movie,he zonked, uber,that girl.
Grab a money order for me tomorrow ok. Slept in dont have time. Just get it tomorrow NO! We have a problem
He (Toni) came into my work hid in the freeze G gave me a ride back and felt sorry for me. Said I was a good worker but yup.
I rarely left the house. I'd go to safeway only at 5-6 am.
Top ramen, eggs, and oreos. Feeding the plants. Get a laptop blackbook start doing python but internet doesnt work fafsa.gov linux
living by night sleeping by day and programming non stop watching dead streams. hello world, piglatin, rock paper scissors, roman numerals, tttoe, connect four and Day at School. Etienne comes back and doesnt like the game.

Feeling the need to leave. Theyre coming to Eugene. Lookin on Craigslist Pontiac grand prix 93. Guy's a total redneck flag decal 750 cash no paperwork. Redline on gas, you give me a ride? I'll put ten bucks in for ya. Whatever. Drop him off. Walmart sunshade, trashbags, Ace big wrench, take out the back seats spend the first night. It's comfy. Thanks Etienne. What are you gonna do? IDK, I might come back but probably not.

Drove up to Eugene, tread was ripped off Cotage Grove,
slept, new tire $20, They're hiring, Dead lot. Hippie girls, the egg dudes, someone swiped my Harmonica, Otiel, walking with a finger in the air, Zane Kesey, finger tip touches,walking far dude with the stack gives me one dance with the drum circle. Get my ticket scanned walk in and around, theres an open entrance to the stadium, get in up top saving my joints for space, White pants Deal, Black throated wind, peggy O, OMSN, move on down by set break im at the rail. Dark Star, red sunset, acoustic, Jeff sounds, El paso, Dark Star, shooting stars, St. Stephen, in someones space,
the eleven girls dancing on the on the bleachers and an old guy showing a little girl how to count 11. Smoked a joint during drugs space he keeps talking during Morning Dew. Lovelight. Palace. Red silent moon over the stadium.

Starbucks, r/gratefuldead, hotties, cash. Denny's $4, drove to Medford. Downloaded 5/3/77 over the wifi, water bottles and raviolii, got robbed in the parking lot, drove to Woodland. Hot cops drivin by.

Drove into Mountain view, are you a vendor? NO ok! No parking pass. Mushroom, the grilled cheese guys, Leo from Humboldt, Jenny, oops wrong name, the girls scamming tickets, the guys walking around with jars of bud, you still need a ticket? and alex guitar with Leo. Finally get the old guy ticket. Nitrous mafia and drummer dude after. 

Planet fitness, miracle ticket, office max, Grilled Cheese miracle, the milf on the lawn, the kids I bought beer for, the not getting carded.

July 3: Sadie Dead/Co picked up the hitchiker who I ditched slept at city college

July 4: Woke up went to West Portal Starbucks No one had a rolling paper. Tape on tire, air into tire, McCoppin square 'happy 4th' not really lol liquer store lighter. Mt Davidson fireworks the dudes I hung out with a teacher? Drank some wine he gave me a granola bar great times.

5th: Drove looking for sleepy spot, pissed on Sanchez! slept on San Jose in front of Balboa pissed, Rodrigo Bronte, slept by at Judah/La playa

6th: West Portal Starbucks, Henry gave me a job for a few days! Walked around Portola, Cut wood, Lowes. Got creeped out trying to crash in Merced Heights ended up crashing in Liz's neighborhood.

7th: Early start with Henry worked all day putting up particle board, he cut himself and bled on me. Texted Sadie but she was in New York. She said she wanted to hang when she got back though. I watched the sunset over ocan beach. Crashed a block off of Judson near City College.

8th: Pissed in Balboa park. Needed food went to other avenues got trailmix but shit was expensive. Went to Grocery outlet Silver saw the Jerry mural. Went to West Portal Starbucks need a job Got approved for Instawork!. Hiked Mt. Davidson listened to 6/30/18 for the first time again. Watched the sunset at Ocean Beach. Daly City In N Out slept by the DMV

9th: Planet Fitness, Daly city Starbucks, City College library lined up interview at Cheesecake factory!, ocean beach sunset, Ocean ave McDonalds meet that lady. where to sleep...Daly City again

10th: Daly City starbucks shit and mocha, Planet fitness showered, printed resumes at office depot in colma, met Hector, 8/6/74 possible soldering gig downtown (Salesforce building lmao) was a scam but I still hopped a J rode it to Embarcadero hopped a gate (it just opened when I pushed on it) chilled in the Mission/main starbucks, spaceship shitters being toured while I wwas in there I think. wandered downtown found a Poke Bowl hopped a train again back to City college sunset at ocean beach slept by the Mission goodwill

11th: Daly city starbucks then back with Hector we did paperwork and he gave me the job! Coulda started in two weeks. Needed money, bad. City college library found Chipotle in trash can. Dead stream on Phelen. Hiked mt davidson that night again. Slept on the streets over there

12th: drove to city college to piss/shit chilled in the libary walked over to Wang Wah for lunch tried to sign up for food stamps then landed an instawork GIG at Mac'd! I showered and then scoped out the Marina location and slept right infront of where Winterland used to be.

13th: Gig starts at 4 and I was not gonna be late. Chlled in Fillmore/Sacramento Starbucks till 2 then I chenged clothes in the bathroom (white t shirt and black slacks) and walked down into the Marina. Listened to Shakedwon Miracle 79 and walked and waited. I was excited. Went to be 10 mins early when I realized I was at the wrong location! Frantically called an Uber and miraculously got to the Polk location with time to spare! Met Antony started washing dishes, cleaning the machine Met Sky and Brian? Angelita was there at the very begging and Federico! but quickly left. Me and Sky and Brian and Antony. Chen Chen showed up liked how I was cleaning the machine offered me a job. Fuck Yeah! Antony was at Dead Co in NY and he had a macbook! I got off early at 10 walked back to my car. Past Franklin's tower and then drove for a while before passing out on Great Highway.

14th: Walked down to Taraval by the resist house and pissed in the pisser there. Chilled at West Portal Starbucks for a while. Went back to Fillmore chilled in the Sac Starbucks for a while then had dinner at McDonalds. I remember thinking it was dystopic dudes hanging out front people charging their phones from the ceiling bathrooms locked. Drove out to Great Highway someone on Craigslist bought me a Domino's pizza. Noriega. Ate the pizza and smokked two joints watched the dead co summer tour closer.

15th: Pissed at Great Highway went to Monterrey Safeway for water and snacks I believe then West Portal Starbucks got A DOSA gig. Stern Grove Lady Shankur smokin chillin did not donate signs said no smoking in park but people were hawking beers and hitting vapes. I found a joint holder. Parked over in Fillmore and worked the Dosa Gig it was tough. They sent me home with two boxes of Rice and Lamb. I couldnt eat it all that night but I was filled up. Slept there.

16th: Woke up went to piss at Balboa Park left the boxes of rice and lamb there. Chilled at City College library most of the day later on went to Daly City Starbucks, got In N Out for dinner and slept on Sloat.

17th: Went to City College Library early to piss stayed till afternoon then I hopped the J went and chilled at Dolores with Jesse. WE drank some wine he gave me some trailmix and we talked about hopping Muni. I said I only hopped trains he said trains the only time he ever got popped. we had some dates then a guy came to throw a frisbee. Jessee wasnt down but I took off my backpack and played for a while. Fun. He told me about Wag! and suggested that I told him about Instawork and Macd he seemed confused that I would want a full time gig. He showed me his pimped out mobile home, walked the mission with him super fast and he showed me the murals behind the McDees then that was it. I walked back to Dolores and hopped the J came back around sunset went to West Portal Starbucks that night till close and then slept on the side of Sunset near Vicente.

18th: IDK where I pissed...Laundryland on Ocean, Planet Fitness shower, Grocery outlet got some more granola bars and bannanas then went back to the fillmore found a great parking spot packed up my work clothes. Fillmore was a rough place for me I was uncumfortable, walked past that McD park and the guy with the nice clothes said 'Hey' Grabbed a Subway sub met the owner there he said "You seem happy" and ya i just got a job! He said congrats and wished me luck. chilled at Starbucks Sac/Fill then first night at Mac'd. Met Jack and Chris and  Greg. We closed. Jack and Greg played classic Rock and I remember Chris acting weird wearing weird clothes(Grey hoodie, rainbow shoes, backwards hawaii hat with ponytail out the fornt) and just talking at Jack all the time. Looming like a raven. I remember him looking down the whole time, he was tall I guess.

19th: City College library pissstop, Wang Wah for lunch 'yeah Im a uhh student' then to the fillmore. Basic repeat of the day before. Hector texted me back "More competative offer" Slept there on Steiner right infront of Winterland.

20th: Woke up and pissed at the Fillmore center Starbucks then I went down for Lunch at In N Out and took a shower at Planet Fitness. Parked in the Marina spot and walked down to the yacht dock to smoke a joint before my first all night shift. Got to know Chris better that night, we smoked out front, then at the bus stop (just ride for free!) when I mentioned I had car issues, he worked at autozone and said it sounded like a transmission. He asked me for a ride and I gave him a ride to like Geary/Van Ness Area. We smoked in the car I'm sure and I lied and said I didn't live in it. He was suspect I'm sure. Slept on Ocean Beach

21st: Pissed then felt like chillin on the Haight parked on Masonic across from the Chevron and walked on in. Met BURT and the guitar playin Saturdays dude. BURT gave me some yogurt and invited me into his beautiful Victorian there on Waller. He told me about Mi Tierra and that he was already renting his spare room out. Pity. Drove down parked in a Marina space and worked all night.

22nd: Slept in the Marina space woke up round noon chilled in Peete's coffe ate Plutos for dinner and closed Mac'd. Must have smoked after and then I believe that was the night I got pulled over. Nothing happened and I crashed in Daly City.

23rd: Woke up pissed at Daly City Starbucks hit up Planet Fitness then I chilled at Philz on Ocean before closing at Mac'd. Slept outside City College.

24th: Pissed at City College, Laundryland, had lunch at Fillmore McDonalds then closed at Mac'd. Walking up the fillmore hill I listened to Mississippi Half step and Dont ease me in. The city felt like my oyster and I was so happy to have a place to work next I wanted a place to sleep.

25th: Pissed at the Sac Starbucks and headed to Larkin Street Youth Services. Walked straight down Golden Gate Ave. Saw drug dealers and dog walkers. They gave me some lunch and offered me a bag of toothpaste. No thanks. I contacted taht latino guy. CARLOS and sent him a text in bad spanish. He replied in better english. I walked up Van Ness to close Mac'd

26th: Met up with that guy CARLOS he seemed legit so I walked downtown to Umpqua bank to withdraw $500 for rent. Then walked down Columbus to Chestnut Peete's and closed Mac'd. Slept on Webster by the McDonalds

27th: Moving Day! pissedat the fillmore center starbucks, walked down to my new home with an armload of stuff. Met his sister tried to catch a 38R and couldnt figure it out so I walked down to Marshalls through Union Square. Bought a giants pillow, yoga mat, and blankey got on a 38 there at Geary/Grant and got back to the pad. Homie gave me the FOB and I went to work. Closed late that night. Walked with Chris up Fillmore the 38 we rode together and I remember thinking he looked like a drug addict. Told me all about how he was gonna fuck up Gardner if it's the last thing he does(treated differently by young people, like JUanito! gardner, the seattle hostel, the bus ride, workin for the tortoise, oakland house, that gardener was involved in some slave labor shit.) we punched eachother at Van Ness I got off he rode on  got back and tried to be silent but I know I woke him up. layed down and went to sleep.

28th: Mision Kitchen chilled at Dolores on the bus ride back the crazy preacher lady on the bus. Marina Peetes closed. Work. After chilled with Chris at the bus stop. Chris and I took the 30 to my car I got some weed we walked to the Tenderloin past that crazy old church I sold him the bags in broad nighlight there on Geary/Polk then I went to sleep

29th: Homie's sister's old dude 'saw me' and homie freaked out. We're gonna have to move. OK whatever. Day off.

30th: 2nd day off. Taught his sister how to drive. She was fine. Started looking for a new place. Saw the Clare Hotel. Not the roaches yet. I went to Ted's market for lunch and ate on the steps of Civic Center. Then down to the Mission district, I walked the whole way and rolled a joint at mission 7. I lounged outside Revolution Cafe used the pisser, smoked the joint, cought some jazz or whatever went to Grocery Outlet for granola bars I'm sure maybe oatmeal cuz I had a spot and then back to the spot!

31st: Yeah we had to move. I worked till 10 got back and we marched our stuff down the street to the St. Clare hotel. He went back to his old spot and left me there with the roaches on the cieling on the floor. We bug bombed it didnt do shit. I bought some poison spray, didnt do shit. That place was infested. Thank GOD Dominic/Davin got back to me. The night that did not end. I had all my shit tied up TIGHT in plastic baggies.

1st August: So we set off the bugbomg and I went out to the inner richmond to meed Davin and Dom. They liked me I had 1G in the bank and I would come back tommorow to sign the lease. If I had coordinated with Chris it could have been us living in that room but alas I didnt know anyone ended up wth Justin. I chilled at the Laurel Starbucks long enough to realize my phone was going to die and I didnt have a charger. Fuck. Had to go all the way to the Sutter Walgreens they were the only place open. Saw crack addicts galore and the Marine corps building.  Back to St. Clare where I charged my phone. As the sun rose and the coffee shops opened I split for the Peetes in the Marina. Chilled there counting down till I could go back to 180 3rd ave. At 1 I left Peetes and got to Umpqua where I got a sheet of Counter checks and hopped a 1. Rode it all the way down to 3rd ave. I didnt have a deposit! LMFAO I was fucked nah Vincent was hella cool said no biggie. Met justin we ate at BK together (I got three dollar menu things he spent like $15 on a special lmao) thankfuly he had stuff to do in Berkely so I got that night to myself. Laundry in the garage $1.

2nd: I chilled in the crib, went out to Marina Peetes for a while but mostly the crib. Davin and Justing made me not feel like a computer person. He had a macpro tower(macos windows and Ubuntu) and I had an ancient blackmacbook. Dom told me about a job at round table. They left me only a small corner of the refrigerator for all of my food but I never bought any toilet paper. Cool.

3rd: Woke up and went to round table, luke warm reception no biggie played guitar for a while at Guitar Center then hopped a 1 and returned to the crib. I wanted a guitar. Dropped off my bag hit Dolores for a while then hopped a 22 and closed Mac'd. Late night.

4th: Got some foods at Grocery Outlet. Greek Yogurt, Bannas penut butter and bread. The good life. Closed Macd.

5th: Walked to and from Mac'd. Closed on a peaceful sunday night. Good life.

Early days woking Mac'd 180:
	
Dishpit, Sky and Jack leaving me to finish last cuz they didnt feel like doing the whole thing 'just leave it for morning crew' pans with burnt cheese, Greg(virgin islands, food truck, bank spread its legs give birth to my money), Jack(VA, tobacco farm, forklift, drove cross country and lived with a girl trax tuesday liked to drink), Chris(front pony tail, spinnin it around, buttered toast, I write a blog heartofzeus), Eddie(confused for Gary) and Abby. Bonnie and Sam(tatoos, cig and sam cooke, white civic). Angelita. Juanito(soccer,knew bonnie from school), Gary, Bhim(Greg touched her), Yuen(crocs! airpods HS), Kelsey Dang (rash, panama). Pay 15 vs 17 Chen Chen came in to give me my check, personally Chase Bank. Alta Vista park (steiner tower) before work or the yacht club or Peete's Juan learning to build. After work smoke sesh where Eddy rolled a joint in his hands with Eddy,Chris, and Abby. Edyy mentions being harrassed by cops and spots to smoke. Says theres sometimes undercovers at Hippie Hill but he's never been harrased at the top of the hill. I had no idea what hippie hill was and said 'cuz they dont wanna walk all the way up there' thinking it was bigger he kinda looked at me funny and said ya. Only time I took the 28 home, got accussed by the driver on the 1 from Park Presidio. Where's your transfer? I just ignored him. Guy with a guitar looked at me funny. Nizario's pizza, How I met your mother, Tay. Ma and Da's bubble tea shop. Didnt make a move. Dolores park 22 and work. Xio Long Bao, and Chris wasnt at the Barbary Coast (I just walked right past the line signed my name on the Ipad and walked inside, checked out a bong sit anywhere you'd like sat by myself comedy central Colbert, Sports, Big Bang Theory, and waited, found some weed in the ashtray told that dude I worked at Salesforce, took his ashed weed and left) walked up 6th street and civic center for first time dystopic. Moved the car took pics to sell it.

Before I'd do Peetes then at Work Jack and Greg Casey Jones came on lots of classic rock. Greg left early and we smoked with Eddy and Abby. Work in the dishpit Sam and Juan are drinking and burning the pans, red jbl Get stupid, blow that whistle, you aint from the bay if you dont know this song. They left early with Bonnie and me and Chris closed. Stay Cheesin. Sunday panic slicing brussle sprouts the wrong way Jack came in 10 mins late get yelled at 'how long you been here chef?' 8 am! you forgot your apron! Kristov's there and he leaves. Dishpit, Metallica. Greg leaves and Jack cleans with me. Chillin back with Chris we talk about the Dead 'I believe you' and I offer him to sleep in the car. I lend Chris the car, we walk over to where it's been left behind the police station at Turk and we park it on Fell and Buchanon. "Alrighty then" He sleeps there and I walked home.

Before work I would go to Peetes and fell in love with a girl there named Scarlett there was also Lea. She was so hot. Sam and Juanito are really just drinkin all the time, '86 the fucking kitchen' The nights were getting rough but the paycheck was always worth it. Walking home up Fillmore steps the church the drunks still out to Sacremento passed the nice houses and the corner stores I never went into. The greek style church the Library the movie theater, Locust street, the crazy painted house, mansions, hospital bench, the synagoge, arguello, home creep inside quit as a mouse to the bathroom piss brush my teet and go in the room Justin snoring lay down and drift to sleep. Wake up round noon head out asap. Uncomfortable being around the house and given up on computer stuff. Dolores before work.

 Chris does crazy voice buttered toast, laptop bag with love pins. Chris got a new computer. Wanna put linux on it? "I believe you" My dad told me about linux but nah i like what I know. Whatever man I got the USB in the bag. Lets hang out after work! "alrighty then" Me, Chris, Jack, Eddy and Abby. Josh met us there. We took the 30 to columbus and I had no idea where we were. Went to the Saloon. Rock band playing I didnt have anything to drink. Jack got a beer I'm sure. I used the pisser. Nice. Smoked a joint with Chris out front ditched em when they went to go get ice cream sandwhiches.

Didnt see Scarlet but instead saw Chris at Peete's. We talked about his website he asked if I wanted to run it for him. Meh. At work I told Greg: We hung out last night Greg! Cool good choice. Chris complains about his back hurting shows me his fucked up shoulder (righty!) I spy the eagle tattoo. That night we went to Union Square and smoked on the bench there watching the red shirt sweep up. Very peaceful. Fatty. Chillum. Tells me he has big plans for his Blog maybe he can use it to expose Gardner.

Headphones pissed across the street at the Mormon Church paid $20 they were seinheissers. Long walk through the city 20 miles? I walked all the way downtown then all the way down mission to 24 then up to Golden Gate Park and back home. First time seeing Hippie Hill strange man in the button down asked me for acid, fog, burnouts, the shitty peace sign.That night got really hungry and decided to try out Nizarios even though I got really awkward ordering food I waited in line lots of drunks and hot girls and when he called me over he gave me a whole pizza I tried to tell him it wasnt for me but he insisted and I got like 10 slices for the price of two. They were old and I understood why he did it but I became a regular after that.

Hung out with Chris met at Sansome and Clay top of Mechanic's bank. Sunglasses, Jo girl and he wants to travel. Montgomery Steps. Barbary Coast. Walked down Mission to catch the 9 rode down to 24th Philz Coffee I remember the wifi was fast but Chris was SLOOOW I brought him to grocery outlet so I could get some granola bars then he brought me to the steps behind the saloon "Do you think these are 150 years old?" They really could be. Smoked some weed and I walked home.

the 38 at Arguello, Read heart of Zeus: meh but cool photos, Yamo (Here the guy died on the 14), 4 dollar saigon sandwhich before work. 1 california Lafayette park smoke a joint teslaSUV doors folding up coming into work then Chris introduces me to Bob's doughnuts. He considers the challenge but decides against it. The next day he says he did buy the doughnut but brought half of it home with him. We chilled at Union Square that night red shirt question but I was chicken, he went to the Adelaide and I walked Market home. I saw some crazy shit. Street cleaning, dude pissing on the escalator. Mayhem. Took the 38 home.

Intro Gary. Juanito wants to expo. I start to build. The monster Mac. Yuen and Juanito. Chris gets business cards! Outside lands was very busy and Sam was cracking The next day I took an extra shift at the Polk street store. Totally different vibes. Waited next door at Peetes. Listened to Box of Rain and met Manuel who rode his bike there from the Bernal Heights. Met Chen Chen's dad and his sister Annie, Dad fixed the neon sign with a screwdriver and a pair of pliers! Not as fun, harder to eat with Dad there, the rush was not as bad and the people didnt have as much fun. Just doin dish pit and happy to be away from Sam and Juanito. They all went in circles and burned the pans, Federico was there and was getting confused by the orders. Caviar was dinging and word from Marina was they were getting slammed over there. I get bobs doughnuts for dinner and a Subway Sandwich after work. Cops there wonder if my card is gonna work. The next day Chris tells me he got in a fight with Antony who got called in cuz they were short staffed "Why was I at Polk Street and Antony was over here?"

Payday I would collect my check at work, drink a cup of water and go to the bank. I walked to the Hyde Trader Joes down Lombard and Polk, smoked at Huntington Park. Bikini girl across from the church. Is this a graveyard. Down California. I walked backwards. Look at the Mason building first look over at China Town (didnt really know it at the time though) Bank to Dolores then 33 back home. Chris hit me up and so I went to chill after work and smoke. I saw Greg and Jack walk right past me in front of the Wells Fargo. I had to piss but Chris already locked up so he showed me you can just go into any bar and piss, thats what I did then we smoked in the Wells fargo parking lot. His OD story, and getting shot, and how he wanted to travel, like his dad always said.

I get a guitar and Sam (sends Juanito to Get me modelos fool)  driking 'tonight gonna have good sex' Sam walks out the first time in a druken rage. Comes back an hour later and closes, drunker but we make it through. Lonely > Tinder > Simrad > Berkeley she calls me and I say "NO WAY!" eat at a mexican place and Uber home.

I play guitar in Lafayette park before work come in and Gary and Chris think it's cool. Sam walks out and they call in Big Juan. He's getting worse. Bonny likes him though, Bonnie conversation with Chris. Money theif, Finch Lips, Car was towed, Jo moved it once but... Chris uber home red civic dead business model. 7th and Lake, Jo's home also her grandpa has a house on Sacremento. Hit eachother and walk home.

 The next time sam walks out during a big dinner rush we call in Greg who comes in and it's just me and Kristov over our knees then we run out of shells. Greg closes the kitchen and tells Angelita to close the register. Invites Kristov and I upstairs where we have beers and discuss our new places as Captains. Sam's out and  se's having a kid soon and wont always be there and it's time for us to step up. Yes chef. We finish our beers and close down. Tommorrow is a new day.

Picking up shifts and keeping my mind off home. Hard boiled eggs using ice packs and a stone bowl to cool em off. Making rice and beans and spinach in Dom's pot. Did not enjoy so much the home. Justin started having a girl over, suggested I go to the donut shop and wait an hour or two. Spent some time walking around, went over to Jack N Box. The laundry downstairs started acting up and I went across the street but didnt have enough change. Next door ATM was broke ended up having to go to Office Depot to get cash back on a sharpie. Obama Sacremento, Came home chocolate milk on the floor, I cleaned it up. I would go in the room and lay there while Justin laughed his ass off to HIMYM with his earbuds in pizza boxes from Georgios and burger king bags piling up on his desk. I never saw him do a minute of work but he always had more cash than I did. and I would count dead shows. Happy to be inside but living a lame life. Lossless Legs was a refuge, the day I got approved was before I had work so I just tokd Chris about it he seemed intrigued but not super interested. I got home and torrented 3/20/77 so happy I ended up going for a smoke right around the corner. A little cubby in the side of the street. Across the street was a girl's house and an abandoned house. I saw sean walking home but didnt say a thing. Coming back in I saw the closet that we used for storage. It was big enough to sleep in. I walways wished I had slept in there.

I worked every day for two weeks.I'd always clock in and first thing id run the bus tubs. Greg told me he had bet the range rover that I'd bring the bus tubs back. Greg showed me how to sauce, told me to work CLEAN came back an hour later told me my sation was messy. There was some sauce and shells on the counter but I was doing OK. I cleaned it up and an hour later he came back said good job! I payed extra attention to always keep the pans clean and cooked the Mac low and slow the opposite of how Sam did it. I came in once Chris had Mad Money on talking about buying weed stocks. I asked him what he thought about Sam quitting and Chris always said he was gonna expose Sam and Juanito for getting drunk on the job and told us "you can read about it on my website" Even Chen Chen checked it, but he never posted anything. We were still short staffed with Sam gone but Chris knew just the guy. Casey was tall, earrings, blue surfer jacket. We smoked with Chris at Union Square climbed up ontop of the info stand. The next day I saw his boots in the bus stop across the street and we smoked together before work. Closed, no biggie he was terrible at moping the floor but so was everyone else. I hated that mop. After that shift we had the biggest smoke circle Me, Casey, Chris, Eddy and Abby (they were quitting) Juanito and even Jack stayed behind. Everyone gave me respect and it felt good. Juan quit here he said he'd go work at Paccis. One by one everyone left till it was just me andand Jack. Jack said wait right here and pulled back up with his vintage mercedes benz. It had a great interior, sounded badass and Jack obviously took care of it. He said cuz it was so old no one bothered to break into it. He drove off and we all went our ways home.

My first day off I went to Dolores and felt nostalgic. Caught the J down to Balboa grabbed some water and Safeway and climbed Mt. Davidson as the fog rolled in and made it was terribly windy and cold so I did not stay long. Back at home I had some peanut butter bread and Justin laughed his ass off in his undies while watching How I met Your Mother. He told me he had a girl coming over so I took the hint and I went for a walk downtown instead. Walking up Batterey near the water I ran into Chris and Casey they brougt me to the Tortoise steps and I met Jo. She was hot and wore vans. She was funny 'thats what pants are for' sitting on the nasty sidewalk. We talked about the waves/water on top the salesforce. The stringed up lights abover the steps visible from Market street. They make an image from Market right? Casey left and then so did I.

The next night I was back at work (LI is the mom her daughter was Carrie! Li and her daughters) (jack told me about the salesforce transit center) and after work Casey took us to the crib. First they brought me to the Vallejo garden then we snuck into the crib. Casey on the Ipad, Chris pissed in the sink, we rolled a joint but didnt smoke it there, we went up to the balcony for the view and Casey told about watching the Salesforce turn on. Blue, and then the water talking about the waves on the tower (dancing, raindrops) and the dolphins on the bridge after we walked around looking for the Batterey Plaque in the middle of the night. The salesforce transit center was amazing. Giant escalator with words on the cieling pristine and empyt bus terminals with a guard on either side and the nicest shitter I had ever seen the sea of yoga butts.

Antony and Chen Chen began to trust me and they wanted me to know how the operation really worked. I opened one morning. Woke up tired like I was hungover took the 1 full of people on their commute. I was used to a different vibe got off at Fillmore and got a coffee at starbucks. It woke me up a little but I was hungry too. Walked down the Fillmore hill and took in the beautiful view of the GG bridge in the morning and decided I'd grab a muffin at Union Street Coffee house. In the mailbox I read "Cracks discovered in transit center" glad I got up there while I still could. Muffin was good,they toasted it, finished it while crossing the street. Waited out front for Juan to arrive. Juan arrived on a Scooter and we got to work. I didnt say much and didnt know what to do. I was nervous but he told me to chill out. I boiled 4 pots of water and cooked the noodles while he took half a box of butter out to his car. We strained the noodles and I salt and peppered the mushrooms, then the Brocolli had to be cut and same with the Cauliflower. Then I prepped brusle sprouts the right way and Angelita came in to open. She took the chairs down and I met Mr. Linn. He spoke no english and Chen Chen hired him cuz they needed someon to replace me. He was a nice guy. After I got off I chilled with Eddy we went down to the mission, he couldt find his guy so I pulled some cash out the ATM in the smoke shop and we bought from the club. Smoked in that alley, talked, 'you can always buy from someone at Dolores by the statue but I gotta catch a Bart' hes with Abby in Hayward, FamJam? Guy comes out to yell at us Eddy yells back he goes in his garage Eddy walks off and I go to Dolores. Didnt see any guys selling by the statue. We split the weed. Later I went down and smoked by myself in Union Square listening to 5/3/77 and I made a post on Instagram comparing it to the Arcata Plaza.

Chillin by the yacht club they did peete's coffee on the weekends, it was expensive but the best coffee id ever had. after work Casey took us to see the sea lions, err listen to the sea lions it was dark and I didnt see a thing. I started to write songs again and got a new notebook. Playing at night in Alta Vista and blazing.

Fleet week / Hardly Strictly. Dolores saw a jet that was my first hint. Left but forgot my phone and ran back, Apollo. Saw the air show on the Marina Green(learned about it from a soldier on the 22) lots of big planes filing the air sound. At work Gary told me Fleet Week was a tradition and that we would probably get super buzy. Walking home Apollo hit me up on IG said I was cute and wanted to jam with me downtown. I didnt block him. Bobby was rumored to be playing with Wolf Bros so I scouted out the area. Xio Long Bao I tried the soup dumplings they were insanely good. Finished the pan fried bao on the bus and got off at 30 I wasnt familiar with the stops and didnt wanna go too far. I felt bad for the people who had to ride for so long when I just got off at 3. I found the 30th ave entrance and walked through the disc golf course. Found the lake walked around it clockwise, pisser, terrapin station, the angry geese. I chilled out smoking a joint listening to 3/24/73 Scarlett begonias was on while I fought off the geese. That week I told everybody I may be late on Friday as I had a concert to be at but would be there ASAP Gred asked what I was into THE DEAD of course we put on 8/6/74 'Mexicali blues!' and they didnt make me turn it off. The spanish jam played while I had my lunch at the bar with Casey.

I woke up early Friday and took the bus it was packed with people wearing summer gear. I didnt know 30th was open and instead walked all the way past GW highschool and came in from 36th. I got there early and snagged a spot behind the soundboard. There was a girl folk group playing they were good. There was an intermission so I sat behind the soundboard and started blazing. I was joined by some kids who brought a bong and an old time lawyer who wanted to hit the bong then started telling me about when he saw the dead play there in 75 'well they played over there and there was only one stage back then' 'jerrys the best right? but so is Jimi and you cant say Jimi is any better than Jerry can you? Same with santana or Page...' he was right. Jet fighters flew over head.  A strange new man came into the soundboard and plugged a recorder in then out came Don was and friends. They played the motor cities burning then introduced Buddy Miller and Bob Weir "Hey that's my friend Bob" Jet fighters Bobby tipped his hat. There were days but each time a jet fighter flew by the soundman CRANKED the PA. I was hoping for more dead songs but instead Bobby kinda flailed around and jammed on everybody walk the dinosaur. After the show I booked it out of 30th ave and caught the first bus possible. I didnt want to be late. Looking out the window there were tons of fare enforcement but I couldnt be late. By the time we made it to Arguello it was super backed up and I knew I was gonna be late so I called an Uber and bailed around Lyon a bit past masonic I think. The uber got stuck in traffic and I learned what Pool meant. I was about 10 mins late. Slammed at work but not a big deal really. I came in Greg stepped out and I told everyone at work how cool my day was. Chris seeemed genuinly interested in the sound man the most. Like I knew a lot about something was cool to him. Kelsey and her boyfriend, Greg got in a fight with her boyfriend who had a bottle of Grey Goose and went to the bathroom abot two dozen times. 

The next day was my first Moonalice show. They did summertime blues and thats all I remember. Dancing up front with the long haired hippie who brought his kids and Roger "Remember the women" He had a poster I didnt feel like grabbing and I went to work. The fleet week rush never eally came and  after we went to Union Square (Fare enforecement! lol) and Casey took off Chris offered me a ride home with Jo and I agreed. Chris does his crazy speech about murder in the crazy voice and I think of him as manson like. She drove on the back roads super slow and I had her drop me off a block or two away. I didnt want Chris to know where I lived.

I was getting more and more into playing guitar. I brought it with me to work and posted up in Alta Vista after playing on the bench at night. Walking home I wondered if that was Greg's rangerover. A homeless man slept next to his shoes under the church bushes. I smoked a joint in the backyard for the first time and I posted Little Sadie on IG and Kidzrage put it in her story. I decided to record more seriously and tracked down a mixer from a guy down in Noe Valley. After I picked it up I listened to Stormy Monday played at their farmer's marcket. At work Chris told me he was planning on quitting and Bonnie quit we suspected for stealing money from the register we never saw her agian.

Riding the 1 sitting in the back eating Pork Buns. At work more and more smoke stuff, Chris had left some mags up on the break room desk and one day I came in and there was a partnership with Eaze! Me and Gary both ordered some stuff. I went out in my apron to meet the girl on the corner of Chestnut, signed with my finger and that was that. After we smoked at the 42 bus stop, Jack didnt but me and gary and Angelita did. We had some favorite customers, Hunter Pence came in for his gf also Vitka who had amazing breasts would always come and flirt with Chris. Chris had started giving out business cards to people (Have Juanito come asking for a job but Chris gives him a business card) and hiding them around the resteraunt. One time a fight broke out in front of us and Chris tried to break it up. One time someone lit a joint inside the place. Maybe THAT night we smoked in the hallway.

I would go on long walks while trying to write my songs especially When I saw you today I would walk all the way to Pier 7 or to Ocean Beach and when I got there I would write write write and think and smoke. I got stopped by a cop at Ocean beach once I thought i was in trouble but he just wanted find some dude with a surfboard. He thought it was cool I was doing what I was doing. There is a guy who tours pier 7 on a bike every 30-60 mins. I would piss through the slots into the bay. Oftentimes there were people camping out at the end of the pier but we never bothered eachother. Its so beautiful there wathcing the bay and the skyline. Walking back home through the haight (I pissed in that yard around Divis) I stopped in for some jazz at the club Deluxe. They had a three piece band and I ordered a beer from a bartender for the first time. No cover charge. The place was filling up and I felt guilty taking up a a table to myself. I made small talk with that guy from Japan who loved jazz and made eyes at that girl with the curly hair but then I left. Walking down the street Linda Kelly and her dude stopped me to chat. She asked if I liked her outfit and I did she wore a black dress tall boots and a wild hat with a peacock feather in it. Her dude came out and then the vibes changed but he was cool and asked if I lived in the neighborhood "actually in the richmond" close enough. She told me to look out for her magazine the Haight Street Voice and then I tried to leave and pulled out my phone to check the time. Ohh you're a deadhead! She told me about going to shows in the 80s/90s and then her grandpa died and gaver her a house. We hugged and then said goodnight. I kept walking and then a voice behind me called out "Kalen" It was Angelita I offered her some weed but she was good. She told me she lived right there above stanza cofee and complained about how crazy the people yelling could be. I was into her sure but never dared to do anything about it. Just then the bus rolled by and Gary showed up. He seemed suspicious of why I was there, I offered him some weed he said nah they went their way and I went home. 

I happened to bring my guitar to work one day and after we went to Union Square. On the bus ride first there were police lights at the turn off of Van Ness I looked at Casey and joked "Its fare enforcement" and we all laughed then a man got on around Levinworth and he had a guitar too. We got to chatting about guitars and he pulled out a sexy Gibson SG in cherry. In chinatown the bus got packed and we stopped talking but we said goodbye to him when we got off at Union Square. Casey left to go to Mission 7 and I pulled out my guitar while he was gone. Chris didnt play even though he told me he could and I played smoke break and When i saw you today at least. Probably some hendrix or zeppelin as well. Chris was leaving soon and Casey was feeling it so one night he go us to go all the way down to El Farolito it was FAR af but the burritos were worth it. I met them both at Van Ness and we got on a 49 thats a rough bus and around civic center someone smoked some crack and blew it direct into Chris' face. Casey opened a window and I covered my mouth with my sweater. No one else gave a flying fuck. We got off and smoked a bowl while we waited for the next bus. We caught a 14 at 14/th and Otis and rode down to Farolito. The trip seemed extremely far at the time and the bus was sketchy but the food was very worth it.  He was spending a lot of time with Jo.

Greg had left after his wife had a child and for a little bit of time we had no manegement. Chris was free to give out business cards and I was free to go on smoke breaks whenever I want. Fake blood chick (girl!) 22 told Eddy told about the piss on the 22 hill. He was quitting that day.  One time I came in and heard a rumor that we had a new manager. Misao. He came in around 8 and introduced himself. He could speak english, spanish, Chineese and Japaneese. He had been manager at Spruce but wanted a change in pace. I told him walk by all the time and heard Obama even ate there. He told me Kanye west ate there and was a little punk and made fun of him for buying a $2000 bottle of wine that was just an upmarked regular bottle. He left and around 11 we slowed down. Chris wanted to go smoke a joint so me and him and Casey went around the corner to the alley between the Dorian. We got it sparked up and passed it around a few times talking about how we feel about Misao when we look down the alley and across the street and see a mysterious black SUV parked across the street. "It's Misao" Casey yelled and ran towards the back of the alley and inside the Dorian's kitchen "Oh shit" Chris said the SUV drove off, I left the joint on the curb there and we ran back inside. Casey came back and we all talked about "Oh shit thats the end isnt it?" Nothing happened and when we went out to finishthe joint the gate was locked.

Now Chris had quit but still came around most nights to hang out in the office upstairs, Misao didnt mind and even asked him to cover shifts a few times (we were understaffed) but Chris was committed to have been done. He was preparing full time to go to India. We would go out and smoke joints on the street after Misao left (talking up Greg how he got hired just eating want a job? Yeah ok, then get in the kitchen!), I dont know if Misao saw us that one night and didn't care of if it was someone else. Antony came in one night to show us what he had been working on the last few months: a book of recipes for all things Mac'd. He left and me and Kristov made fun of it. There was a flow chart for how to make french fries including toss them in salt for 10 seconds, and Kristov exclaimed "fucking what does this mean?!" pointing to a line 'sweat the garlic' his english was not perfect being from Poland and I tried to explain it to him.

 One night after work Casey hooked up with some hot blonde who came in drunk late at night as Jack and I made fun of him then realized he really was ditching us for some girl. Chris showed up and he had been expecting to go home with Casey to crash but now this girl was in the way. We went to Bob's doughnuts and smoked some weed nextdoor(Why he had to sneak into Casey's place, he got kicked out for punching a hole in the wall and puking, tried to fix it but still got bounced. He slept in the Presidio sometimes and one time on a couch he found or the 91) before I split. I think he stayed the night in bobs that night. The walk home at night from Bobs was fun. Van Ness was always a cicus with crazy people smoking meth and sleeping or tearing up a trashcan I pissed in Lafayette park right off the stairs and walked home. I wondered where Zach Nugent was when he was in town and peered into each house on California wondering. I passed the big church and walked on home.

Eating sandwhich and kombucha on Marina, my teeth started to hurt when I brushed them so I got some special toothpase one day before work, it helped. I came in and Misao and Chen Chen were there interviewing a new hire Chen Chen had an alienware gaming laptop and misao a macbook air. This is Ramiro he's gonna be working the opening shift. He had a scar on his head and spoke mostly spanish. That night after I finished with Casey and he was talking about taking the 22 straight to Faralito. Chris was off with Jo (Olive garden feelin rich!) and I was down as I loved their burritos. We got on and rode without too much hassle a couple cuties got on in Pac Heights and set infront of us. A crack head lady got on around McAllister. She starting a scene and hit one of the girls they freaked out and the bus kept on trucken. She hit them again and they got up and moved back with us. We yelled at the lady to chill out and she got in my face but I blocked her path in the middle of the bus. Driver gave me the eye and kept truckin. She sat down. I sat down. The girl looked me in the eye, put her hand on my knee and said thank you. She was hot and german. The crack lady started getting crazy again and Casey got up this time yelle "sit down get off the bus!" Driver stopped oppened the back door crack lady kept mumblin and me and casey ruined the vibes. We got off at Fell. Walking forward we told the driver "you got a crack head on board' he drove on and Casey and I smoke a joint while waiting for the next 22. At Farolito we got our burritos and discussed what we did right and wrong. She woulda fucked you dude she touched your leg! We flexed too hard! Flexed the perfect amount at the beginning but then too hard. We rode to Mission 3 and then he split. I was gonna ride on to Union Square but the bus had a power malfunction in the middle of Market street right by Lottos fountain so I got off and walked up to Union Square got a 38 and rode home.

The final night before Chris left Me Jack and Casey went to say goodbye at Union Square. We rode the 30 and none of us payed. We chilled across from the Macy's and Jack even hit the weed. I saw a lady throw away a Cheesecake factory bag and so I went to go 'freegan' it as Casey put it. I found carrot cake. Jack tried the frosting. I ate the rest. He was pretty weirded out cuz he said peace and went over to powell to wait for a 38 which was the bus I wanted too but I didnt wanna be awkward so I chilled with Chris and Casey till he left then I said goodbye to Chris told him good luck in India and promised I'd follow him on Insta and his blog.He gave me a book Malcom Gladwell's outliers and said i should read it. That was that.

Got home one night and Justing had the girl over and I was over it. 33 I went to Haight, the driver let me off right there at cole and I saw the homeless dude passed out next to the ounce and bought a Scotty Roger's pipe. Went home and made a sploof and smoked in the garage tagged him in my IG and then he followed me.

With Chris not at work anymore I put all of my energy into recording my music. Walking downtown with my guitar to the water as the sun set saw the top of the tower was red from Pac Heights after I crossed into Polk Gulch I could see it was fire! Reached the water it was the eye of Sauron!  Music tales, smoke smell thingy garage blazing. Food nights, chinatown at night, Yuet Lee, Tommy's Joint, My Cahn.

While recording I would walk through the park and listen to what I made to review it on speakers and headphones. Once I was walking all the way back to work on Haight and I saw Scarlet for the last time. I went back to Peetes a few more times but only saw Lea. IG stroy Cris sold his weed stocks for a big loss and was in Chicago for a visa.

New Phone guy at Stonestown target rode the 28 first time got back and put the trash cans back in Vincent shows up and we talked for a min. I was hoping he wouldt smell even though I had used a spliff. Even after recording the album I would still go down to the garage and play guitar and smoke. One night Dom's room was open and Sean wasnt there, he was play CK2 and Sean came in with a girl while I was eating my cold mac. They went down to the garage to blaze so I called it for the night and laid in bed listnening to Justin laugh at HIMYM in his undies. I had to go get more counter checks so I went back to Umqua and had to go inside. Then I went for a walk and discovered a celebration in Yerba Buena. 100th anniversary of redwood league Nahko Bear played there was cake dancing bannana slugs and bears I joined the love train and the sun reflected off of the glass towers into my eyes while Nahko played songs and girls sang along. On the 38 ride home Grandma called and I loudly bragged how I never payed.

Walking to work from Saigon Sandwhich on Election day, ate on the walk, rubber band on my wrist, saw people voting Union and I saw Chen Chen with a hottie. Back at work we still needed a new hire. Kristov last day was going to work the Ed Sheeran concert. He left and took one final picture with us all, he wanted to go get drunk but I wasn't down. He went back to Poland. Misao found a young man Young who was looking for work. He was an art student from China and we hit it off, he was a smart and hard worker who did expo and built but could sauce in a pinch. He could speak english increadibly well and he told me all kinds of stories about what it's really like in China. Do yall really eat everything. Almost. They would catch bugs as kids and eat them. Once as a kid he was taking a piss in the woods he saw a snake and got scared. he ran inside to tell his dad and his dad caught and cooked the snake for the family. He said in the old days they would even eat humans in the southern regions. I asked him about what the best dumpling was he said Xio Long Bao the moon shaped one. I asked about the government oppresion and he said the cops were mostly idiots and that most chineese people dont care about the government. Everyone smokes. We were careful to smoke around him as we thought he was a goody two shoes who would tattle to Misao but one night we walked home together and he stopped in a corner store to buy a light. We sat across the street at the benches infron of union street coffee house and he lit a cig I asked if it was cool if I smoked weed he said sure and that he would be down too but only smoked spliffs. I gave him some and he rolled a spliff and we smoked weed there. Very cool.

Without Chris Expo was harder to have people here. Young's accent and softer voice did not help at all in the middle of the night. Chris had been like our leader and now people were looking for a new one and as the saucer I was sort of stuck with being the captain but the vibes were all off. Vitka would come in but without Chris there she would just go puke in the bathroom. I wouldnt want to clean it and Casey sure wouldnt, so his solution was just to tape the door closed. We knew we were missing something or someone. We tried a number of solutions. First Instawork wher we got one guy who never showed up our second guy waas better he was a hard worker from Nepal and he told me he had been to Kenya. I asked him about Nepal he said everyone was very poor and he was sending money back to his family. I asked him about Kenya, he said dont go to Kenya you will get robbed. Our final Insta Expo was a guy on drugs, I tried to show him how to do his job and he didnt get it then I tried to have him put up truck and he said he was going out for a smoke. I said cool and he vanished. Misao asked how he was the next day and I said he only worked for like 30 mins and was high af. Misao said that he got paid for 6 hours... He brought in Jeremy Hillary Boob. He was fat, lazy, and from Manhatten. First night we rode the 22 together and I hopped on he went up to pay then he asked me how anyone can afford to live here I replied I had more money that I had ever had in my life. He said he paid $1400 for a room in Berekely. We had different lives I guess. He brought a switch to work and would play zelda while sitting in Expo we got into a fight after I asked him to put up truck instead of sitting on his ass. When he said no I said you dont do anything just leave. We closed by ourselves and I thought I'd get in trouble the next day. Misao understood that he was lazy and was just trying to help him out (through the UCB alumni)

Second Polk Street night. Tao's fried rice lunch. Josh, Manuel, girl, Federico, pop music curated playlist, dish pit backed up, pizza trade, bobs doughnuts lunch Lombardis and drunk fun. They still had everything backwards, they burned the pans and I felt like an extra body. They all ran in circles the whole time and the panko was hard to reach. They had the new vegan and I thought it ws really good. Closing I put on Harpur 5/2/70 and we cleaned the fridges and everything. Josh snuck me a t-shrit from out the trashcan but said 'just make sure maria? doest see it' she got picked up by her BF in a red mustang there was puke on the sidewalk Manuel rode home and I walked home with Josh, he was in the military and want to move back east for work. He was a good guy. Didnt smoke any weed that night.

Back at home things had mellowed out thankfully Justin's girl had gone back to Columbia so the snoring was cut in half but he still talked to her on the phone all the time. I went to the farmer's market and got some expensive kale on Sundays and got pork buns and would smoke. I walked down to the embarkadero and found a new spot to smoke behind that starbucks I wondered over to pier 7 pissed into the bay and then walked back home. I saw the legless lady and the ocean ave witch and felt bad for them. cought the 38 home and on the way we passed a naked guy running down the street. I grabbed a slice of Nizzarios and then went to go check it out. by the time I cought up with them they had a foil blanket on the guy and I just went home. Got a new match on tinder, Estelle, she thought I was hot and gave me her phone number we talked for hours. She was only 18 and still in HS I gave her my advice and we both thought the other was hot. We talked about how we had been hurt by others and the differences between living with your parents (sheltered) vs living in your car (exposed) that was the only time we talked she eventually unmatched me but that was a nice night sitting in the cubby.

We had many good nights back then. I would smoke weed before work in the dog park behind the marina library and would play PubG inside with the highschoolers, or go chill with Casey in the bus stop before work (He got popped on the 30!) the street cleaner guy always just gave us the side eye but never said anything. The tourists would wait for the bus at the wrong spot. macacinno, cowboy coffee, we found shoes above the kitchen. One night Antony dropped off the new vegan and we all had a new favorite. Eating cheesey fatty mac is good but after a while it wears down on you so I had a new favorite order: Vegan with Chicken, broccoli, peas, shrooms cauliflower and shells. I think the crew ate more of the vegan than the customers. It was a big hit. After work I offered Jack some weed and we smoked with Casey and walked up Fillmore. Casey was on his way to meet up with some girl Jaquiline and called an uber. A tesla pulled up me and jack climed the hill alone. I noticed he was slower than  iwas and out of breath more than me at the top. We walked home together ended up by the Geary Target we talked for such a long time. We were friends.

The next day at the busstop before Work Casey claimed to have fucked Jaquiline for 12 hours, that he took her pipe and she took his speaker and showed me a photo of her genitals... She lived in Ingleside and he took the 8 to get home at like 6 am. Casey got into a rhythm up front where he would put on the same music everynight and the same videos Laird Hamilton, the sf hogirls and Jack and I would make fun of how it was always the same videos. We got into our own rhythm trading off each day on who would play the kitchen music he would play classic rock and I would play dead shows. One time Casey put on Slightly Stoopid with bob Weir he said cuz he knew how much I liked that grateful dead shit. Sometimes Casey would loose his shit I always suspected those were the nights he was doing drugs. He would always leave for his own break with out us at first I thought it was just weed but it had to have been more. I would always go up front when he left and change the music to like Veneta Darkstar and it would take him a while to figure out why the vibes were off. When me or Jack would ask him why he always put on the same vids he said he was 'setting the vibes'

Misao had always promised that I wouldnt have to be the chef and he brought in one of his co-workers from Spruce, Ryan. He was short, wore and apple watch and had worked in all the best kitchens in town. I was happy to be free of saucing. He put on Disney songs and I remember him singing along to Mulan's "BE A MAN" while burning the pans. I was doing expo so the burned pans were not my problem. Casey must have taken too much of whatever drug he was on cuz he came up to me and said he wanted to switch. Casey had never done Expo or anything other than cashier though I often joked with him that I was gonna teach him to sauce he never learned it. That night he failed miserably at Expo and I had the best time working Cashier. I put on 12/28/77 on the TV and turned up the volume. When the rush hit I got to talk to all the beautiful marina girls. They were all hot but one in partiucalar nearly knocked me out. Tina had long black hair,piercing green eyes, and wore a low cut black dress she was SEXY. She imediatly made eye contact and said "We like to get naked and have fun, will I like the naked fries" My jaw dropped, my brain shut down and all the blood rushed into my penis. I could barely breathe. She split a basic mac with her friends but I forgot to charge her for the fries. I went and told casey we needed fries for her but he got confused cuz it wasnt on the ticket I went back and yelled at Jack cuz I was embarresed and he got angry at me but gave me some fries and I walked them over to Tina personally. She didnt say anything else to me but she had said enough. Closing that night Ryan said he was leaving, he found a better job downtown. Jack filled his water bottle up with beer I mopped the floor and we left. I went with Casey to Columbus where he got a double tuna with cheddar and we smoked on the corner. The columbus tower was very beautiful.

One day Gary didnt show and we were short. I had brought some good weed to smoke with him too cuz it was his birthday. I worried that he had quit, or got fired but Angelita showed up for her shift so I figured I'd ask her about it after work. We closed and Jack went home I walked with Angelita to the bus stop where normally we would smoke a joint together. I asked her about Gary and we lit a joint. She told me he was depressed and drank a lot and she didn't know what to do but was happy that we were being friends. She told me they were going away for a week to visit family down south in San Diego or San Jose then her bus arrived we hugged and I walked home. I took the hard way home walking up the crazy steep Divis street.

Music did not stop. I had started doing videos, and making stage setups. I had to get a new microphone from a fancy mansion down in Glen Park rode the 44 down there. Ride down was full of kids coming home from school and I cought on at rush hour at Geary/8 walked to the mansion and was just astoned that kind of house existed in the same city as where I lived rang the doorbell and a nice old man opened the door with mic in hand. His hot daughter peeked around the corner I handed him $20 and turned around. Got back on the 44 and got to work. First stop was Nizarioss, regular spot, trump was on TV CNN. I saw sean walking down the street and prayed he wouldnt come in and talk to me. The first time I tied the mics to broomsticks using shoelaces and balanced the broomsticks in traffic cones. I kept the box ontop of a trashcan and recorded using my phone. It turned out. The next day I spend some time editing it and had to leave my laptop overnight and while I worked to render it.

One night I looked in the mirror to the dining room and saw Chris was on TV. Casey put on his very first vlog walking through the streets of India I was glad to see my friend alive, and something different on TV but it was pretty boring and pretty quick Casey put the hotties back on. That night Casey had a rough one and was just throwing the mop around by the end. He didnt want to smoke and took off up Fillmore. I stayed back with Jack and we talked about how he was messing up when I saw him get pulled over by a cop. I fistbumped Jack and told him i had to go save Casey's ass. I thought he was gonna be super aggressive with the cops cuz he was in a bad mood. I pulled out my phone and started filming "leave him alone he's in a bad mood cuz we had a tough time at work" Casey told me to shut up and the cop said I should listen to my friend. I kept recording for a while but left when They told me what happened. Casey jay walked the cop yelled "its a red light" and casey yelled back "fuck a red light" not a big deal but I still caleed the cops pigs.Went home

Misao made a new hire: Alex dreads flashy clothes and an SF local. Willow smith came in and got Goddess with shells brocolli and crab. I made that mac. Alex just asks 'do famous people come in here all the time' I was like what do you mean then Casey come back you guys that was hella willo smith! I barely saw her I just saw a cute girl and her dude. LOL. Later something really remarkable happened. Jack came back from a break and said we had to go see something. He said it might be UFO's so I emptied the kitchen and we told all the customers to go outside if they wanted to see some shit. It looked like the hand of God in the sky! It was that same ohenomanon that they saw in LA and before I had seen from the porch on buttermilk "Maybe they wanna talk to me? They dont wanna talk to you" we went back inside to our normal lives and spacex took credit of course. We went back to talking about the city I asked what Alex thought was the scariest place in the city. 6th street? Nah none of those guys are tying to hurt anybod, id say 3rd in the bay view. Favorite Burrito? Bro I love burritos thats pretty much my life he said Farolito was good he liked Pancho Villa a lot and his favorite was on Church street.

 Facetime with Etienne, he liked my songs specially Venice and  he agreed to make a music video for it. He showed me his plants and his cat. I busked down on Haight and performed all my album. Playing infront of the bus stop on clayton standing on the sigil infront of the empty storefront. I found a mic stand in the backyard by chance and made myself tea then set up with the camera on a ladder with my laptop, the box on the trashcan with my tea one mic in the stand and one on a broomstick. I played two sets with a smoke break in the middle and before the encore. Back at haight I did dead covers and my songs Linda Kelly's dude walked by while I was playing Terrapin and gave me the thumbs up, later he came back and gave me $10 during Tangled up in Blue. I thanked him a lot. As the sun set I played Dark Star and someone joined in on maracas and harmonica. Never saw their face. I did this a few times with more elaborate decorations. First I wore a tyedye and put up a decorated pizza box then I hung the tye dye up along with decorated plates, boxes, etc. One time I got worried I had been caught making noise. Unfortunately all this playing combined with saucing hurt my wrists.

One day I came in and Gary was drawing a massive Eagle. He said check out the chicken wings. They were huge! "I'm drawing an eagle cuz theyre eagle wings" We hung it up that night and Chen-Chen or misao never said a thing. We would always joke after that about the size of the chicken wings big ones eagles small ones pidgeons. He told me ther were going to Alcatraz in the morning and asked if I wanted to joing. Just be at pier 33 at 6 am. I laughed but didnt really want to go. He's getting an Uber after work so I went for the ride. Me and Jack and Gary and Angelica packed inside and got dropped off at the Goodwill turns out they all lived in the neighborhood.

I came in one lazy sunday and Young was unrolling a cig on the counter while Carrie's daughters(LI IS THE MOM!) did the work. Carrie/LI! came in and confronted Young about his cig in chineese. I thought she could smell the weed on me so I went upstairs. Later Young told me she thought the tobaccoo was marijuana "da Ma' they call it and he had to explain its only tobacoo. I worked with Ramiro for a while and he realized that I could speak spanish "you speaka spanish" he was happy but I couldtn really speak that well. He told me he didnt do the pork and asked if I could do it. No problem. Mr Linn came in to pick up his famiy and he was dressed to the nines wearing a blue sleevless vest, a white hat, glitzy sunglasses, white shorts, airpods, and bright shoes. I pointed him out to Young and young informed me his name is LI and not LINN. We had been pronouncing it wrong the whole time! Casey came back "did you guys see MR LINNS swag?" Its actualy mr Li he thought that was hella funny MR LEAN! Like sippin. I burned my arm super bad taking the pork out of the oven. After work I chilled with Young at his house. Filmore tower we rode the 22 and I just hopped on I tried to explain to Young you didnt need to pay but he felt like he had to. His roomate had tons of instruments and he offered me a tea boiled egg. We went into his room and it was nice but he payed more than twice what I payed. He opened the window and lit up a cig. I smoke a couple bowls and he told me about his family. His wife was in Taiwan with their child, her name was Noel and he called her on Facetime I said hello but she did not speak much english. After that Young had me play PUBG on his computer with his crazy set up and the headphones it was intense and I quickly died. He asked if I was hungry but I just decided to go. He and his roomate walked me out to the 38 busstop and I said goodbye. They were very nice people.

There was a day a hot young asian girl came in and asked if she could see Misao. I said he wasnt there but she would wait turns out it was his wife! She was really hot and I got some respect for Misao that day. Day before Thanksgiving was really slammed the last two hours cuz everyone was closed. We finished and I made plans to go chill with Casey the next night. I rode the 22 and the 38 and luckily Nizarios was still open. I got a whole pizza instead of just a slice and smoked a bowl in front of the car dealership while they made it. The guy gave me a nod and said happy holidays, he knew. The next day I went down and kicked it with Casey on Market. The street was so peaceful and quiet. We chilled on the Mechanic's plaza I climed up to the top and found a hidden stash of gifts like a lighter and a love poem. I climbed back down when someone tried to take my bag. We sat there smoking and some crazy lady came up to us we told her to leave and she started to scream. 'I guess people just go crazy on the holidays'

Things began to tear at the seams at work, I saw Jack's GF at the bus stop once. But the pork would be moldy, we would run out of prep, Casey would walk out at night and only sometimes come back. Once we ran out of shells and I began to cook more only to have Jack call Antony and they agreed to close the store. but shit realy hit the fan when the fires came

I went outside and thought I smelled a barbcue went down to Dolores and got stoned, by the time I made it home I realized it was a fire Geary was thick with it and I couldnt see the ocean. I went back home and in the morning it was worse I couldnt even see Sutro Tower. I rode the bus and decided to try to stay inside as much as possible. Sat at Starbucks then took a pic from Alta Vista and went to work. I couldnt go outside to smoke anymore but I still wanted to get high so I hit the bowl up in the office using my sploof. Soon after Chen Chen came in to empty the safe. He went upstairs and I paniked. He came back down and asked if we needed anything. We were good on prep so I said no just be careful of the smoke outside. He agreed "ya stay indoors" and I took that as a sign that I could smoke inside all I want. The smoke got to everyone. Jack went to go buy a new air filter but got the wrong size, a bus driver yelled at me for not paying, and even Casey came in looking like hell and acting insane. He said he had been out walking all day in the smoke and was so fucked up he dropped a brussle sprout on the floor and ate it. I had never seen Casey eat anything before. I would just smoke upstairs using my sploof. Took a break with here comes sunshine and really hoped for it to come true. I would wait inside until the 22 was pulling out then went home. I woke up to the fire alarm once because Justin had hit the clean oven button and it filled the house with smoke so we were forced to open the windows. Thats when the fire season won. I kept taking those pictures each day at Alta Vista and it looked like a hell scape. I played dire wolf in the garage out of fear that the smoke would choke me out. And my wrist would throb with pain, I would lay in bed hot and almost choking but I just kept smoking. I would share weed with Alex and Casey upstairs we took turns on breaks.Finally one night I went to Farolito with Casey. We rode the 14>30 and I got off at Union Square and as I walked down to the 38 behind a man in leather playing intese heavy metal electric guitar it started to rain and the smoke season was over.


 Everything began to brighten up across the city. Masks came off, Young cooked a chicken, and my wrist started to get better. Jonathan came in as a dishwasher but I got him to sauce cuz my wrist was hurting. I got a harmonica at the pawn shop. I would come down early and play my harmonica over in the dog park. Smoke some weed and then go to work. Young taught me how to steam rice and he brought dumplings one time. Angelita had to take a break from work so she could study for her finals. I remember listening to Old and In the Way with Gary and she would come in around dark and we'd make her special mac: Vegan with shells and extra mushrooms! She would sit at a table doing homework and studying while Mr. Lean did dishes, Jonathon did the sauce, Gary did Expo and Alex or Casey up front which let me do whatever I wanted. As long as we closed clean and got the orders out I was free to smoke upstairs as much as I wanted and started to act like I was in charge. Misao would come in around 4 or 5 every day just to say hey and make sure we were running smoothly but it seemed the problems were all at the other store. Of course with Angelita taking time off we needed someone to cover her shifts.

Misao brought in Angela a heavy set SF native, she was fluent in Chineese and put on palace chineese palace intrigue tv shows for Mr. Linn. She and casey got really close. He would complain after work about how she always murdered the vibes but I always caught them talking to eachother. I'd come in ask if Misao was there (Misao horny? Nah) Go upstairs and smoke a bowl then come back down and clock in and he would still be talking to Angela) Casey told me he thought she had a thing for him and I told him to go for it but he always tried to play it cool like he wasnt interested. We went to Union Square and they had the christmas tree out and the ice skatingrink set up, it was not the same old smoke spot it used to be. Angela convo.

One sunday stands out in my mind I went to the dog park before work and the shed there had burned down which was strange to me but I got stoned and acted like it was nothing then I got to Mac'd and the place was packed. Li, Carrie, and Quianne were done and as soon as I clocked in they left. We were short that day it was just me, Jonathon, and Alex and I quickly got frusterated cuz I was too high to do a good job. Many custome orders coming back like Cauliflower with vegan or Goddess with cheddar cheese. Usually with Casey up front he knew how to direct customers to order easy stuff but not with Alex. The breaking point came when a ticket came back for cauliflower no sauce. I lost my shit on that ticket and started screaming. Alex came back to see why and I yelled at him that I'm not a fucking cook andont know how to make cauliflower no sauce "this is a mac and cheese place and this order is for neither man NOR cheese" he refused to refund the order so I tried my best to staem cauliflower but I took my sweet ass time and just cranked up Jerry. Ticket times approached one hour and I said 'time for my smoke break' came back ten minutes later and finaly made her damn cauliflower. I felt bad when she came back and personally thanked me later.

Buisiness was very slow after that. I somewhat blame myself. No one wants to eat at fast casual place that takes an hour on an order, Angela just watched palace intrigue and I would just go smoke with Alex and leave Jonathan in charge. I came in on a slow afternoon once, stoned, and Misao was there with a salt gun. He said he brought it to take care of the fly problem we had but we already had the electric swatter for that. I got to play with that salt gun and shoot flies that day and it was great fun. Another time I noticed in the mirror that there were shoes on top of the awning above the kitchen. I had become paranoid about chen Chen spying on us and while checking for a hidden microphone I found em. A pair of Nike Free runs size 12 too big for me or else i would have taken them. Angelita said she thought Fatty left them there. Time dragged on and we were so slow we could clock out at 9:01 fully cleaned, oil drained and ready to go. We all knew we were going to get shut down eventually and I swore to go down with the ship "I'm getting laid off and going on unemployment" i joked with jack he mused about getting a forklift job while filling up his waterbottle with beer.

As the holidays approached I started to recognize people at the dog park and would get kind of weirded out. There was the guy who always played golf, the mom who walked her dog and kid with the stroller, and the big bootied blonde girl who had the cute grey dog. Silver bells and Silver shoes I went for an apple at the safeway once and had to use the self-checkout for the first time. I accidentaly selected no bag and it started blinking. Because I was high, and almost late for work, I decided that if it was gonna give me trouble I wouldnt even pay and I just walked out with my apple and ate it walking past the goodwill, the dog park and into work.

At home everyone was making plans to leave for the holidays I had prayed that Justin would leave too but of course he was the only one who would be staying. Casey went home to Arizona, Angelita and Gary left after finals, and Christmas eve it was just Me, Young, and Jonathan. On christmas eve I found a brand new Pink hydro flask on top of a trashcan on Fillmore. My first christmas gift. I washed it at work and Young invited me to dinner but I said no "I've got a date with a pizza" Antony let us know there would be a holiday party and there would be tacos but I didnt plan on attending. I walked up Fillmore and they had socks on the christmas tree at the church. It started to drizzle so I got on a 38. I rode the bus in the rain and picked up another whole pepperoni pizza. The other guy gave it to me, and didnt imply anything just a normal happy holidays.

Christmas day was not a good day. I started with a shower and brushed my teeth, changed my clothes and pulled out my laptop to listen to some music. Justin was on the phone with his girlfriend asking her to smuggle counterfit luxury bags back from colombia and joking about picking her up at the airport dressed like a customs patroll officer. I had planned to go for a walk downtown but it was rainy outside. I sat at the kitchen table eating a cold slice of pizza and jamming to some dead. He came out to get a pickle from the fridge and asked me something, I took of my headhphones and he repeated if it would bother me if he got a lamp and left it on at night while I was trying to sleep. Yes taht would bother me the light from his computer and his insane laughing while watching HIMYM already bothered me enough. He got in my face cuz he felt I was being rude and he didnt get the answer that he wanted. Every other time I had simply given in to his demands "yes of course you can use my space in the fridge, and in the cabinets, and you can have your girl come over, and I'll just stay in this little corner of the room while you can have a full bed and desk and use 3/4ths of the closet." and got in my face and started yelling at me. I told him I didnt need to be yelled at that I had money in the bank and I was leaving he said "good" and as I packed my laptop in my bag he hit me so I just dipped, then he shoved me down the stairs luckily I kept my balance. I walked outside into the crips damp air with a hot head and took a walk around the block. What would I do? I hate conflict. I came around and discovered my backpack on the ground outfront of the apartment I thought he had taken it out but there was shattered glass everywhere and looking up I learned he had thrown it through the window. The water bottle was dented and I didnt have time to find out if the laptop worked or not. I went into the garage and grabbed a long metal pole and went inside the apartment "Justin I'm coming back in to grab some stuff and I swear to god I will fuck you up if you get in my way" He said OK I opened the door he was in the living room and looked pale as a ghost when he saw the pipe I had armed myself with. "You stay in there and dont you come in or I'll fuck you up" i said. Into my room  Igrabbed my cash, my Social Security card and my notebooks. Then I said "One day you will learn that money is not free and you'll have to actually work for what you have" then I shut the door put the pipe back in the garage and walked to the 38. I called Etienne and explained the situation, he said I could stay with him. I rode to the end of the line the greyhound station. I asked when their bus to Arcata was. She said 8 oclock tonight. I asked if it was likely to sell out and she almost laughed no way. So I went back to get on the outbound 38. In my haste I had forgotten a few things back at the house. My guitar, some clothes, and most importantly the counter checks that had my bank account information. I already knew Justin was a bad person and was worried he would discover the checks and use them to steal from me.

On the ride I hatched a great plan. Upon arriving at the apartment I snuk quietly into the garage and texted him: "Im really sorry about what happened and if you want to talk it over Im down at the Burger King we can talk there in public." He replied "Be right there" I held my breath beside the washing machine and listened to him as the apartment door openened his fat feet descended the stairs and he opened the front door. I saw his shadow pass behind the garage door. I smiled and knew that I had won! I went upstairs and into our room I found my counter checks undisturbed and grabbed them and packed some clothes quickly. I had to be fast, he would return after he learned i wasnt actually at Burger King. I looked at his computer and his bed. Part of me wanted to destroy the computer and piss on his bed but I decided against it. I went into the kitchen and I took his holiday bottle of Vodka and poured it into my water bottle. I took another cold slice of pizza, grabbed my guitar from the garage and left in a hurry. He was no where in sight. I waited at Arguelo for another bus to take downtown. The first bus that arrived was not a 1 but a 2. On the ride I watched him and the other roomates realize theyd been duped on the group chat and then I blocked them all. On the ride I remembered the holiday party was happening and figured 'why not' I had until 8 anyways so I go off at Union Square and looked around. This could be my last time here, it was grey and cold and people all wore jackets. I got on a 38 and rode to fillmore. At fillmore I saw the same homeless people I recognized there the guy with the beanie and got on a 22. At Macd I found Angela and Jonathon closing early. I smoked a bowl upstairs even though I knew Antony and Chen Chen were coming. I had nothing left to loose. I tested my laptop: It survived the fall and still worked!. I went downstairs and helped do the dishes off the clock. Antony arrived with taco platters and I helped arrange the tables into bufet lines. Then Young left to go to his house and the Polk Street crew arrived: Juan and Maria, Federico, Josh and his friend. Jonathon's mom came too. We all started to eat and I took the liberty of pouring some beers for everyone. "Queries Federico?" we all had two or three except Antony. "yeah we can do beer" I never asked him anyways

I had many tacos knowing it would be my last meal in the city and Chen Chen came with a box full of shirts. Merry Christmas he gave me a hug and thanked me for all my hard work. I felt guilty but thanked him for the job. Antony said everyone grab one I took a blue shirt and put it on, and stuffed another one into my pants. Chen Chen left and we just poked around. I had a nice conversation with Jonathon's mom and made Juan and Federico laugh. Angela left first and by then we were all stuffed. Federico had one more beer and I helped Antony wrap the food up. We put everything back and I went upstairs to grab my stuff. I took my smelly work shoes too, and went outside. We locked the door and stood around talking. Antony didnt know what to do with the food so we just left it on top of the newspaper rack there at Chestnut and Fillmore. Jonathon and his mom left, Juan Maria and Federico left and it was just Me and Antony and Josh and his friend. They asked me what I was doing for the holidays. I told them I was homeless and headed back to humboldt, that everything I owned was on my back. Antony and Josh both gave me a big hug and wished me luck. I almost cried and thanked him once again for giving me the job he changed my life. I threw my shoes away and that was it, I walked around the corner to wait for a 30 to take me downtown. I sat down and pulled out my guitar just as a 30 drove past. Ill catch the next one no big deal, I still had hours before my bus left. I started strumming eyes of the world and the rain started coming down. I was sitting on the stoop of the Dorian under the awning staying dry when a man walked by me in a winter coat. He turned around and handed me a $100 bill."Woah! Dude you dont have to give me this." "No but I want to. Merry Christmas" he said.

I rode the 30 and got off on Market Street. Looking down at the wet sidewalk of Market Street while I walked to the greyhound station. I got there, bought a ticket and got told the bus was delayed. Around 10 I go onboard and watched the city shrink behind the bay bridge. We got off in Oakland and I had a loooooong layover. Its like a palace in there, used the pisser, just me and the security guard and like 5 other people. Nothing for sale. I asked if I could go outside for a smoke she said sure. I came back inside and played guitar around 2 am. One other guy liked it and came over to chat. I played Stairway for him and he gave me a dead shirt long sleeve 74 tour for my christmas gift. After that I watched the infomercials and people started coming in around 8. They all got their bags checked but I never did. I had some weed but not like a lot. The security guard lady told me to get some sleep around 11 cuz she knew I had been up all night. I slept as well as I could on those hard metal benches. My bus finally arrived around 3. I sat behind a girl with a Bob marley painting and listened to the Grateful Dead until we arrived in Arcata. I walked to Etiennes house and we smoked more weed. Happy to be with friends again.

--------------------------------------------------------
2019
--------------------------------------------------------

Green Eggs an Ham Etienne leaves
feeding plants
staying inside
pulling out $500 at a time
back
grumpy bag pulling
buy some weed dead movie
fight
walking in rain call chris? Dustin?
auto garage grey suby 2400 stalled back to mack dog blanky
Had to get my stuff texted Etienne
two cops there now
get the weed and a bag of beans but not my clothes or mac
cop explains, daly city, you can sue
walmart black trashbags windows, mcdonalds bag trash front
morning drive landfill bay bridge 9th street crazy fulton
Mac'd W-2 and see what's up
It's casey alex, and young. We smoke after work?
Farolito my car that night

Library, saigon sandwhich, encyclopedia, latin literature
Read through a history
Gary sits down, we chat you like video games you want dinner
smells like piss Minna Lee
Burger King and popcorn microwave
TV murder suspect
I leave 'be safe'
The next day reading metamorphosies
Gary KFC lets me smoke weed not much piss smell
Morning Montgomery steps steel drum marley, shushirito
Tuesday free dinner 
letting me smoke
would move between Lincoln and Fulton
Popped on the five
bought a skateboard 20 by the naked Joplin tree
Cruisin down Market Street
Metamorphosies
Gary had one he would have given me
I knew I had to get a job, craigslist
Gary's friend Jesse was just over realized it's crack flooding in Guerneville 
Interview - ipad, Wow money, badeged in, ernesto, elevators, wall of snacks and coffees and teas, gotta wear a hat not that kind I wore a beanie. Left took the N to the free food in the lgbt room AJ, Paula
Ice cream, racist, scamming people's taxes
Tell him goodbye

Go chill with Casey at Farolito
Congrats on the job he says he got blamed for taking money out of the register.

Day back at Youth center - Jesus, shower, laundry, lunch, boys club walk out with the form for an ID

Dosa part 2. Soaking, no food, 38, laundry minglewood amybelles the wheel smoking.

Chineese New Year - Chinatowns packed grant Casey still being accused but works that night. Golden Dragon,  Smoking weed in Chinatown in front of cops and soldiers, Stands on Kearny water from Starbucks Market Street marching bands Casey takes off. Montgomery steps, dragons, marching bands, HUGE police dragon, weed, Jude, walk around to Kearney Police chief politicians Yell at Scott Weiner no war no war the finale before the sentinal building 100,000 firecrackers for five minutes, twice. Breed had earplugs I wasnt so smart.

wake up early early alarm get dressed piss in park brush teeth in bus stop ride walk 5 ST. Temp badge futuristic office. Dish Pit, Gwenn (coffee?), Shanglong, Lunch, Mr. Sun Ms. Yu, meeting, Terrance, Sergio, Justin, Yorlendi, Adriana, Abel, Georgette, Louis (+Rob?) Nathan Ms. Chow, Jackie, Simone, Lang. cheesecake.

Fillmore West, 47, macd, angelita, Gary, Jack. New Alex doesnt like Jonathon, burns pans, Jack knows they still goin down still wants a forklift job but happy to see me. Gary shoes a Heart of Zeus card he found that week and asks about my new job. Describe, tell Gary how to apply. I made a Mac'd and I say goodnight. Ride out to Fulton cosmic charlie eat in my car g'night











Casey in the rain in front of Westfield


buting the bike in the basement on columbus. That feeling of freedom and the joy filled lap around the block. No helmet no problem backwards green hat

Bike Day - Row Jimmy, the racks & the blue bike. The packs of pedalers. Need a light? Oh no I've got one... A rear light that too I'm just too high I forgot. The sticker I rode my bike today in orange circle.













Walking in the mist to Geary, Dire Wolf Row Jimmy, 38,red rats on salesforce, asshole security guard, cops canteen guy, the old dude
