
	Lysergic Acid Diethylamide is one of the great discoveries of the 20th century. This psychoactave substance first synthesized in 1938 by Dr. Albert Hoffman has gone on to change the world and inspire a spiritual, and sexual, revolution in the the United States. The drug was used by the military and CIA during the 1950s in a series of expirements known as MKULTRA to asses it's viabilty as an agent of mind control. The expirements proved less than ideal for the CIA but released something from Pandora's box which they struggled to contain for many years and nearly led to a revolution. One such revolutionary figure was none other than Ken Kesey.

	Ken Kesey, author of One Flew Over the Cuckoo's nest and captain of the Furthur bus, was one of the men who participated in the MKULTRA expirements. This experience inspired Kesey to share the wonders of LSD with America at large and so he embarked upon a cross country trip in Further with Neal Cassady at the wheel and introduced Amercans from sea to shining sea with the catalyst for change in the 1960s.

	An acid test was a sort of mass dosing party where Kesey, with the help of the Merry Pranksters, would share a dosed bowl of punch with their guests and stage a series of strange (and sometimes terrifying) scenarios using stage lights, props, and a sound system which would culminate with a graduation ceremony near daybreak. It was at these parties where the counter culture of the late 60s began and the Grateful Dead were born as a phoenix of the dying ashes of the old American Consciousness.

	In the beginning LSD was legal. In California until 1966 LSD was legal to own, buy, and distribute the same as advil.












My story:

	I only took LSD one time in my life, I was 14 years old. As a freshman in highschool my favorite band was the Beatles, or Led Zeppepin, my favorite movie was Pink Floyd's the Wall, or The Woodstock film, and my favorite thing to do was have a bonfire in Jack's backyard, grill some hot dogs and smoke a few joints. Everything is new, and exciting, and fun that freshman year and as youth should have the power to make us feel, I felt invinciable. The joys I found in smoking marijuana coupled with the mystery, and temptation of LSD hade made it seem inevitable that I would try it at some point. I felt at that time that where cannabis was the first step LSD was naturally the second or third on my juvinile exploration of mind altering substances.
	I had a friend (and perhaps still do) in those days who I loved very dearly and often felt some kind of way about, Lillie McWilliams. Lillie was a black haired, green eyed weirdo from the central valley with a Georgian accent and a remarkable sense of humor. She transferred to my school in the 8th grade and on her second day brought a spider in a jar to school. I was in love at first sight. Lillie and I had been close from the start, we had many classes together and her house was adjacent to Jack's so we would get together for bonfires, and later to smoke weed.

	I remember the early days of expiramenting with our bodies, with beer, and weed, and trying to cook over an open fire. Of hauling pallets 3 miles throgh town in the middle of the night so that we could have a bonfire the next night. The little things that make childhood so special. I remember walking with her under the stars and she held my hand. That was a first, glad I still remember it. I remember she was the one who got me into skateboarding and Cheech and Chong. I remember sitting behind the Gym smoking weed and listening to sublime on a saturday. I remember the day she asked if I wanted to go out with her. She let me ride her longboard and asked me as I climbed on. "Uhh no" I said....She went home shortly after that and left me to watch Adventure Time with Connor Nelson. That is a blunder I will never live down, but hey whaddaya gonna do?

	After I rejected her she quickly found another boy to hold hands with and kiss, and another. We had PE class together in the final period of the day and we had convinced the teacher that walking the track for 45 mins ought to count as our PE credit. He eventually relented "I'll give you all a B but you have to be walking the whole time" He would be inside with the rest of the class playing dogeball, or badmiton, or whatever they were playing and would come out periodically to check on us. Once we were smoking behind the bleachers and none other than Mrs. Susavilla the dean of students (Who we all called the crow lady cuz she had a face like a crow though with red hair instead of black. We all thought that was the funniest name...) approached us from the back fence of the school. "What are y'all doing back here" "We're just hiding from Mr. Kane so we could take a break from walking the track" Somehow she believed us. She must have smelled it. I always suspected Mrs. Susavilla liked me, she never got me in trouble.

	One day in PE I was walking the track with Lillie and her friends N'kala, and Julia and they were talking about Lillie's newest boyfriend Chester. Chester was a senior and he sold weed. I had not met Chester yet but I was familiar with him. He left his tag, a styalized C not unlike the Corona beer C, above the urinals in the men's room. Chester as it turned out had an LSD connection. I was apprehensive about him at first, after all he was the one who was kissing Lillie and I had been dreaming about that for over a year (But said no when given the opprotunity!) but once LSD entered the picture I became more interested. Lillie and Julia tried it first.
	
	I could tell something was not right about her on Monday. Lillie was quiet, and more spacey than usual. While walking the track that day she clued me in: She and Chester had taken acid over the weekend (Which would explain those damn pictures she put up on Facebook depicting the body painting!) and that it had changed her world. "You've gotta try it" and I knew I did.

	In those days a monthly celebration on the Arcata Plaza every second friday called "Arts Alive" which provided space for artists and musicians to gather in the local business and share their works with the public. It also provided an opprotunity for friends to get together and hang out after dark in the middle of town. A perfect opprotunity to try acid. 

	As I remember it I took the bus to the plaza and texted Lillie "where ya at?" we met up on the plaza and I expected to meet chester at last as well but he wasn't there, just Lillie and Julia. Chester was already proccurring the acid. "It's ten bucks a hit" she told me I planned to spend $20 and take two. Chester approached from the South East corner, where Cafe Brio is/was, and we fist bumped to say what's up. I gave him and a twenty and he tore two hits off for me. This was white, tasteless paper (which I would later learn means it was probably good) and he wasn't being exactly precisce about how he measured the hits. I think he was already dosed on something but he gave me a good sized paper and I put it in my mouth "I think I hooked you up" Okay dude I belive you.

	He have Lillie and Julia two hits each as well (though I don't remember him charging either of them!) and we were on our way. After about 20 seconds Julia took hers out "I just don't really feel like doin this tonight" Lillie took one of hers out "Yeah I just want to feel it like a little bit" I vollunteered to take their hits from them and at this point had 5 small slips of paper in my mouth. "How long am I supposed to keep them in my mouth?" I asked. Chester laughed "My man you were supposed to take those out like 10 mins ago. I swallowed them. Im not really sure that he was right about that, I think you are supposed to keep em you mouth and then swallow em but I havn't ever taken it again and never bothered to ask anyone on lot the proper tab ettiquette so that in particular remains a mystery.

	Julia must have been having a bad night as she decided to head home and Lillie left with her so here I was alone with a guy I just met and coming up on acid. Chester ended up being a cool guy and though he was probably perterbed to have been ditched by his girl to babysit some freshman he was super cool with me and offered to buy me some donuts at Don's. Now Don's doughnuts is literally three buildings north of the Plaza but it was my first time going there and the walk felt at least 3 blocks long... We got doughut holes (Which if you ever find yourself on the Arcata Plaza definitely get the donut holes at Don's) and the sensation of eating while high on acid was almost too much for me to handle. I must have dropped at least one or two, it felt more akin to brushing my teeth than eating. I was starting to understand what was meant by 'acid will make you see everything in a new light.'

	Lillie texted Chester wondering where we were (she had just walked Julia to her mom's car or whatever) and so Chester went off to find her and left me sitting on the raised planter beds arranged in a circle in the center of the plaza surrounding the late statue of the late William McKinley. Sitting there, alone, tripping, and feeling the sun set behind the foggy May evening proved to be one of the seminal experiences of my life. I stared at the floor and watched as a plain grey floor was imprinted by the footsteps of the passers by. One footprint overlapped another and slowly the familiar pattern of plaza paving which is probably still there today. This experience was the inspiration behind my song Cobblestone Floor (though I am pretty sure the type of pavement they use is NOT cobblestone but I'm really not sure)

	Chester and Lillie came back and I tried to explain what I just saw...to no avail. We were all high. A strange sound came drifting into our ears. It sounded like an alien spaceship or a cosmic choir. It was something which I had never heard before, another novel experience. We turned around to find a group of (college?) kids had attached microphones to one of the metal street lamps around the perimeter of the plaza and were producing the strange sounds by hitting the lamp post in different places with different objects. Drumsticks, shoes, triangles and such. I have never seen anything like this again but I'm sure that's what I saw. During art's alive the shops stay open late so though the sun had set the fun was only beginning.

	We migrated inside Plaza Design, a furniture store on the corner of H street where Lilie started up a stoned conversation with the lady about rug patterns while Chester and I made ourselves comfortable on the display counch in the front window of the store. I'm not sure why the lady let us sit in that couch for as long as she did. Maybe she was busy with customers, maybe Lillie had convincered her we were friends, maybe she felt bad for us all being teenagers tripping face in her store, maybe she was scared of Chester.. The world may never know but we sat on that couch for a good long time looking out the window at the world passing by and the flickering dim neon of their open sign. The sign cast an evil light on the ground immediatly before us and as one's mind is apt to do while high on LSD I became convinced the evil light represented something else: THE DEVIL!

	"You guys that light is the devil" "Oh shit man" Chester loved talking about God and the Devil and I set him off. He starts ranting about God and light and the way and the truth and his mom and the Devil and yaddah yaddah man I was just freaked out by the open sign. Lillie took a call from her mom, or her grandpa, or someone "Guys I have to go my mom's picking me up" "Oh shit really" Chester seemed to care I was too high to feel one way or the other about it but I did register taht after Lillie left the vibes would be changed for sure, plus how was I gonna get home? What was home? What is life? Acid does that to you.

	Chester and I ended up bonding that night I think after Lillie left, Acid breaks down the walls between people and opens up your consciousness to be naked and exposed so we had nothing to hide from one another and beside the fact that he was a senior drug dealer who was with Lillie I actually liked the guy. Turns out Chester had driven here from McKinleyville and asked if I wanted a ride back and I agreed. He must have been parked relatively close cuz we headed south and ther are less than ten blocks between the plaza and Samoa Blv but the walk, just like the walk to Don's, felt like an eternity. I was lost, confused and Chester seemed to have forgotten where he parked. At long last we reached our destination a crappy Honda Civic or something like that. We climed in and I was greeted by the strangest thing I had ever seen. The seat belt was not found on my right where you would expect it to be when riding shotgun instead it was on the ground behind me and slid along a conveyor belt to it's correct location "What the fuck that was like a spaceship" I exclaimed "Yeah a spaceship thats what we're doing space travel. Where we're goin we dont need roads...you ever seen that shit K-rino?" Chester was stoned and started calling me K-rino. He started the engine and we set out north for Mack town.

	Now getting behind the wheel when you're high on anything is fucking stupid. I cant speak to whether LSD is any worse than weed or Alcohol cuz I havnt done it again since but I can tell you DO NOT get into a car with someone who's been doing drugs behind the wheel...but yeah thats what I did. He drifted between lanes and took his hands off the wheel a number of times but our speed remained rather constant. It didn't really register to my high mind how insanely stupid it was until we were about half way there I thought to myself "Fuck this is the most dangerous situation I've ever put myself in." In another universe Chester and I collided with a minvan on the Central Ave. exit and we both died as a puddle of blood and guts on the side of the 101 but in this universe here I am and there you are.

	"Let's get some Taco Bell" he said. "Yeah that sounds pretty good" I replied. We were somewhere around Sutter AVE when he suddenly veered into the opposite lane and flipped an extreme U-turn in the middle of Central "WTF I thought we were going to Taco Bell" "Somethin came up" I was scared and confused but high on acid. My mind was turned off I was more or less relaxed and I was just floating downstream. He slowed the car down and rolled his window down, shouted something across the street and flipped another U-turn pulled the car over and Lillie opened the back seat. I dont know how she and Chester had organized that meeting if they had been texting or what. I'm not sure how Lillie made it so far downtown from her house in so short amount of time. Had she snuck out of home? Had her mom (or grandpa) dropped her off on Central Ave around 11 PM? I dont know and I probably will never know but she climed in and we went to Taco Bell. I have no idea if I got anything or what anyone else got but we went to Pearson Park and ate and hung out under the lights there for some time.	

	Pearson park is adjacent to the Humboldt County Sheriffs substation for McKinleyvill but this night they were cool and didnt bother us. I vaguely remember playin on the playground(the same playground had been my very first playground roughly ten years before) and listening to Chester give more of his Gods and Devils speech. He really loed talking about that. While at Pearson Park I had the most profound revelation of the trip and possibly my life. I have never really been able to articulate this vision but I will do my best. Life is a cycle of cycles both physical, emotional, spiritual, and any other als you can think of. The day and night is one such cycle, the seasons another. Chester's God talk yet another cycle. There are many cycles happening all the time and our brain naturally filters them out as the cyclic nature of the universe is a distraction from our biological motivations to eat, sleep, and fuck but when you take acid the brain stops working as intended and the cycles are no longer filteret. I invisioned a sword fern frond curling up into infinity which was perched underneath another fern frond also curling to infinity and also atached to the underside of another greater fern frond. These fern fronds continue in both direction growing larger and smaller to infinity. I call this experience the cycle trip and I tried to explain it to Chester and Lillie to no avail. We were all high on LSD. 
	
	After some time at the park we decided to head out to Sandpoint for a bonfire. Chester drove us there, high on LSD and we arrived safely. We found a small fire still going from the night before (it must have been late by now probably 2 in the morning) and I may be mistaken but I am rather sure that Faron and Kyle (soon to be my best friends that summer) were there smoking weed by the end of the fire. We sat ther and stared at the stars. Here I experienced the most psychadelic part of the night. When Lillie spoke here words came, visually, out of her mouth and spelled themselves out in psychadelic letters from her mouth. I looked to the sky and the stars glowed with a color I had never seen before I took my finger and I moved them around at will. We lingered by the beach until nearly dawn.
	
	Chester offered to give me a ride but my dad's apartment was nearby so I said I'd just walk. I came in around 530 AM the sky was grey from the sunrise behind the fog and I creeped upstairs where I took off my shoes and then my socks. Here began the scariest part of my night. Upon removing my sock I looked at my foot which had been transformed into a hook shape with three toes shaped rather like a raven's foot. "Raven foot" I thought. I made my way to the bathroom to brush my teeth, switched on the light and was greeted by a monster in the mirror. My eyes were bloodshot, my pupils dialated, my lips were chaped, my cheeks were pale my hair in knots and all in all I looked like a tweeker. Like I had taken meth. Like I had taken drugs which of course I had. It was so terryfying I don't think I actually brushed my teeth that night. I laid down and quickly realized that sleep would be futile so I pulled out my Ipod and put on the only thing that would be sensible to listen to at this point: Dark side of the Moon.

	After hearing Dark Side of the Moon on acid I rarely listen to the album any more. Every subsequent listen is underwhelmin compared to that time laying in bed staring at the ceiling while the sun rose outside behind the fog. It is a perfect album. It is a true work of art compareable with the Sistine Chapel and the Odyssey. "There is no Dark Side of the Moon matter of fact it's all dark" I heard that for the first time that evening...I turned my head and across the room the neck on my guitar bent itelf suddenly at 90 degrees and then began spinning clockwise in circles. I heard my dad get up to get ready for work. I had a long day ahead of me.

	I waited until Dad had left for work before I dared to come out of my room. I played guitar for a while but was too tired (and high) to really have a great time of it so I went for a walk instead. I wandered towards Jack's house but I dont think we hung out. He was probably at his Mom's or his step dad grounded him or something I'm not sure. On my way back down from Dow's Prairie who should appear but the Woffingtons. They were the Mormon family I had grown close to and after that day, seeing me wandering around town looking like a drug addict they no longer were so close to me. Perhaps they knew, perhaps they suspected but werent ever sure, they offered me a ride and I declined and that was that. I was never baptized and later I burned my bible and book of mormon. When I tossed them onto the fire the hole filled with smoke and a glowing upside down cross stared into my soul. That may be a story for another time.

	By the time I got home my dad was home as well as I remember it he made me tomato soup and a grilled cheese sandwhich. I think he knew exactly what was up but I cant be sure. Eventually I went to bed and slept for 12 hours. At school on Monday Devin was interested to learn everything he could about my trip. I probably sounded like a crazy recounting the cycle trip, or the demon light, the new color and the moving stars. Our friendship was never as close after.

	In tech class some days/weeks later I heard someone scream my name and turned around "What" I replied. No one had called my name. This happened a few times over the next months maybe as late as a year later but I havnt heard my name called for many years since. Another peculiarity I blame the acid for is I would occasionally get a strange 'twitch' in my head/neck and abruptly jerk my head in one direction or another. This also has subsided with time.

	All in all my LSD experience opened my eyes inwardly and made me the person I am today but also led to the demise of many of my closer friendships and caused some (ostensiably temporary) psychological issues. I have not taken it again and I do not plan to. It is a powerful drug, one that can cause serious problems and one that I cannot reccomend you experiment with. Perhaps if I were to take it again it would only be a good thing, nothing scary or psychologically damaging but why would I take that chance again? I heard my name shouted for months on occasion and thankfully that stopped I dont want to invite that back into my life. Perhaps this was only becase I was 14 when I took it, about a decade before you brain is developed to the point where it could be considered safe to begin taking psychoative substances. It is what it is though.

	The people I know who continue to take LSD on a regular basis all got somewhat burned out and weird from it. Most return to 'normal' after some amount of time but I think that anyone who takes it (even me) are never truly the same again. How can I be the same again? I witnessed a cyclical universe and moved the stars. For one evening nothing was the same as it was and now it never can be said "The Arcata Plaza has always been this way" I watched the patterns get carved by footprints!

	I guess it was meant to be this way if you believe in such things. I flip flop on the issue of God one day I'm a confident atheist and the next I find a tye-dyed balloon on my doorstep. I hope that if there is a God I have not angered him or her and that I was meant to take the LSD. I hope that there is not a God so that I may not be punished for ruining my own mind and turning away from my Mormon baptizim. I hope that there are kids today who will decide that they dont need LSD to have a groovy high school experience. Weed is cool in my experience. Alcohol is OK but not as good as weed. Shrooms are less intense than Acid if you need a religious experience (but again religion is not a pary) and even morning glory seeds are cool (but when I took em I threw up... but it was a mellow throw up) but I have found LSD to be too intense, too heavy, too much of a real drug for me to play with or to reccomend to the youth of today.

Acid makes you flaccid! Love is all you need!	













